Solid game. No ads which is a breath of fresh air and the game play is simple but can be engaging If you want to learn about the different character types instead of auto selecting. Biggest issue would probably be the progression speed. It's a little slow for me but good when you have time to kill. The in app purchases aren't horrible. I have yet to spend any money and I have more gems then I know what to do with just from casual progression.
It is a very fun and engaging game with great graphics. The only problem is that you need to spend money to progress in the game faster than normal. I like the free blueprint cards with ads and the one that refills every 4 hours or so. I would love to buy the legend pass but I don't see the need to buy something in a video game. Either way, it is a several notches above any other car game I have played before on mobile.
Very fun racing dynamic, but it is hard sometimes to get blueprints for cars. I have several levels I can't beat, but I can't just get the blueprints I need to upgrade them, and I don't want to spend a ton of money on a card pack that doesn't guarantee I'll get what I need/want. Overall though, very fun game. I will say, they should add an update where you can either select and buy specific blueprints, or be able to trade with club members
The gameplay is great, good graphics. Ads and tutorials are a little annoying tho. Edit: Well, forgot to mention that grinding for 1 random car is a pain. And please fix this game physics please, especially for super cars, they got some weird physics. edit: I think they should add a story mode that does not affect the career mode, I love the career mode but a story mode will make things interesting. And they fix some physics monstrosity! 5/5
Good game, been enjoying the past few weeks of playing. But the frame rate issue is ruining the immersion for me. Mind you, my phone is perfectly capable of handling genshin at 60fps, so this older and lighter title should have no fps issues, but it does.. and it's bothering me. Please fix it. 3 stars only until you do.
Very fun and I love the layers of the game. I am hoping the developers read reviews and wouldn't mind taking a request. Please fix the game so that the levels of the game are not fixed to force you to not proceed. I even spend more than enough money and the game LOCKS you out of rewards. Please provide more pavement options- texture and color. Please adjust the seafood pizza to look more appetizing. Thank you!
I have really enjoyed the game. My 2 suggestions would be the ability to add small houses in addition to the large buildings and more expansions. (I am on level 74). Thank you.
I love the game and have recommended it to others. You can make your town as unique as you like, have friends and family play along. The only downside I have is when Christmas comes up, I would love to decorate my town with Christmas decorations, so please consider my thoughts.
Great app. Just one thing is missing. It needs DRAFT editing Township like Hey Day game. Decorate Township require much time. So, we can not decorate whole Township at one time. So, if we can save Township as draft it would be good.
The game is not working it the server down and needs better perks and it's expensive when your playing the mini games it needs better rewards for what you pricing is to pay. And takes forever to build.. it's hard to build your garden when it don't give you enough crop space. This app needs work and plz fix servers
Yes this game is superb I agree with and I gave also 5 star. But I have one request to minimize the harvesting time, it takes 8hr that's awkward moment. And after completing one session we have only less rupees. thats aslo bad thing give some more money . special request.
I'm beginning to have a problem with the game. It is suddenly begin to cut off on me in the middle of me trying to play it. Sometimes I have to re-collect the daily reward. It is becoming extremely annoying. Tell me if there is a glitch in the game and how I can fix it, please.
Update suddenly the game can't connect to the server...? I cheated the cash but it still cannot. very well made and super entertaining but you need patience.
I'm NOT liking the other in-game features. They are intrusive. The designer put the other features so close to the touch sensitive main features that I click on them inadvertently so often I just want to throw my phone across the room and watch it smash against the wall
Graphics are so pretty but there are lots of updates that i don't like..after every 15 days update is there I don't like updating once a month is okay but after every 15. Days
We need bridges as part of roads. Leveling the river to cross over is not a bright idea. Bridges will make it cool to look at.
I like the game however it's calling for an update but it won't update... keeps spinning.. I don't want to stop playing cause it won't update
It's a Good Game need Helps tutorial. Lots things are there in the game. Need tutorial. Like In regatta there is a option called - Combo Task, but I am unable to understand how to select combopack. You should have help tutorial. Bank money is very hard to earn. Some time it's by mistake click on buy goods at the times of loading goods at Train/Plane. So there should be some confirmation button before spending for such buy. Please work on that. I have lose lots of money which was not needed
I love this game but I am so upset!!!!! After this update I can't get into the mine, my ships or the machine to make ore it keeps saying it's updating but it's been like that for a couple of days! I have been a player for five years and I don't want to stop playing... Well what ever update was recently done screwed my game up again!!! Can't get into anything!
I would like to give a better review, but, like many others here, there are levels that are designed solely to make you spend money. I know the stock answer of every level can be beat...blah, blah, blah. No. Congratulations, you designed a hard level. I play these games for relaxation, not frustration. I get enough frustration in everything else in my life. I will not spend real money. Give an option to skip a level. Seriously, if you lose 100 times, you unlock a pass
I really wanted it to be good because the concept is so fun and it used to be so rewarding. Now there are challenge levels that are ridiculously hard even very very early in the game that are LITERALLY impossible without power ups or incredible luck. It just makes it disappointing, frustrating, and annoying to play and not worth the time even though it could be fun! Glad to see other people have the same problems and it's not just me being bad at the game lol.
An interesting game. good enough to while away time. I never get tired of playing it. my only complain is that they should enable players to buy at least two extra attempts at 500 gold coins, as you may just need a move or two extra moves to complete a level....and most times, one may not have up to 900 gold coins. it would be nice if they can allow just two extra attempts too. just a suggestion. thank you.
The game is very enjoyable game to play the only thing I don't like is the extra bonus level the we a force to play. We either lose a life or lose the power ups. There should be gone out of the game or have a choice of not playing.
Its a really nice game but my issue is that, it does not allow for continuity after changing phones. If a player links his/her facebook account to it, they should be able to continue where they stop on another phone rather than starting all over again. Its really exhausting.
We have just about every streaming app you can think of, and as much as I want this one to be my favorite, it's definitely the worst and the most unreliable. We use Disney+ every single day since we have Little's that NEED to watch Encanto on a constant loop, however myself and my husband are huge Marvel fans so we use it just as much as the kids do. My kids lost the remote to our TV last week, and I have stripped this house bare trying to find it and can't. So we have been relying on screen mirroring and casting. Disney+ is the only app that we have that refuses to work. When we did have our TV remote and could use Disney+ it would ALWAYS (about every 30 minutes) kick us out and tell us our internet was working. So we would just exit the app and go back in and it would be fine. We just moved into a new home and I was hoping the connection with the app would be better. Nope. It still times out about every 30 minutes and tells us there no internet connection when everything else in our house is working just fine. Basically when this happens you would have to exit the app, then return and if MIGHT start to work. The only reason I haven't deleted this app already is because my daughter HAS to watch Mickey Mouse Clubhouse.
There's an excellent library of content in here. However the constant frequent mandatory required software updates are ridiculous. I've never had an app that mandates a full software update as often as this one. Disney is wasting my time and bandwith. I've been a subscriber since day one of the service and there's been over 15 mandatory updates in 18 months. Also it's very difficult to see my own selection of my titles that I've saved in my favorites because Disney chooses to only let us see its graphical icons of some movie poster rather than just presenting it in text. Also, I add movies to my favorites list and Disney remove them whenever they want. It's my list of my favorites, but whenever Disney take something out of its library even temporarily remove my favorites from my list. That's just horrible customer service and their idiot buyers who make decisions on what movies to add and delete should look at their users favorites list first and not screw over their customers. How about Letting users sort their own favorites list alphabetically or by category or by date of release of the movie. Instead Disney only lets us see the list using it's ridiculous movie poster blockbuster VCR tape icons that are hard to see and often have dark lettering on dark backgrounds.
Hurry update the photos.
Very easy to play. Reasonable amount of ads. No crashes. I'd recommend this if you were looking for a nice, relaxing game to unwind at the end of a long day. Good job, developers! Update: so I've been playing this game for a few months and I've noticed that it crashes A LOT. Worse, when it crashes, you lose your daily mission. So I'm going to take away one star. Guys, you need to fix the stablity -- or at least not deprive players of the daily when it does crash.
Pretty good game, though it really strays into pay-to-win territory in higher levels. Too many cases after a while where you just have to be extremely lucky to get the pieces you need to beat the level - even spending all your power-ups can't beat a lot of these levels, so you'd end up spending your coins on a very small number of extra moves. Also, title is very misleading - there are no empires or champions in this game.
The game itself is good. It's enjoyable, it's not overly difficult. However the amount of ads is just ridiculous. There's always a banner ad at the bottom, and between every round I've played so far I've had to deal with at least two ads back-to-back. I turn my data off when I'm out of the house and that's the only way I can avoid this many ads, but as soon as I turn my data back on while I'm playing, it'll make me watch 3+ ads. Ridiculous.
False advertising! I'm a big fan of puzzle games and when I saw the ad (and this game info) for a simple interlocking puzzle game, I was intrigued. The game takes a while to load and this is not interlocking rings. It's a whole dragon adventure and the game I was looking for is just a mini game that you can rarely access and only for the first few levels of your characters. This game itself isn't terrible, and has its own merit, no need for false advertising.
So, I actually really like this game but have 2 major problems with it. 1. I don't know how many ads I've watched where I do not get the reward advertised. Tried to put in a support ticket only to be told it was my fault. 2. None of the timed maps are winnable w/o paying. I paid over $30 during the event but it still wasn't enough. Now I can't even put in a new support request. The functionality is broken.
I adore the game, but will likely delete it. It takes hundreds of energy points to complete a task and your reward, energy points, are not even a tenth of what you had to spend to complete the quest. When you let the game rest to build up energy points for hours and then get less than two minutes of actual play time because.... Your out of energy again.
Probably won't keep playing. Cost too much to finish challenges. Or you simply don't finish them. The ring turn mini game they advertise with lasts such a short time is negligible. One time when you begin and 2 weeks in, I've seen it one other time. It uses a lot of battery and memory.
Constantly freezing up and then booting me off. I've spent too much money on this game. Your not fixing the bugs in this game and not taking issues seriously as far as if there is too much going on in the adventure it freezes. I can't stress enough this issue happens Esp now with almost Everything you do on the game. Don't tell me to update again. It's not even been 3 days since the last update again. Did Not Fix anything!
Overall an awesome game! There are purchases but you don't actually HAVE to purchase stuff to succeed at the game. Which is nice because a lot of games that are free to play will make it so difficult to succeed without paying that you have to. I will say the ad update is awful. The option to watch an ad to receive extra items always makes you watch the ad THEN backs you out of the game, meaning you have to reopen the game, and when you open jt again, it doesn't register you ever watched the ad.
Monotonous. Doesn't really challenge you. Hours of the same thing over and over. Also ad's play between every level and menu change. I was interested in one of the ads and clicked on it. It was a scam for a laser that cleaned rust. Obviously the developer is only interested in advertising dollars since they don't screen out deceptive ads. Also very annoying that there is sound on the ads when it is off in the game.
Very addicting, some games like this reach a threshold where you can only play a tiny amount per several hours or spend cash, but this one I've still been able to spend as much time as I want filling orders and upgrading my town. It's refreshing. And there's new ways to play almost every day. Definitely worth a try if you like farming/base building style games!
I'm really liking this game. It's a great reminder that you need certain items in order to do things. For instance, you need to plant seeds & harvest wheat so that workers can make bread. I love keeping up with what I need in order to fill orders. I really love the chickens & how they prompt me to collect their eggs. The sheep are so cute too! I need to keep them fed so they don't shiver.
Love this game! No need to spend money if you don't want too and don't have to have friends to keep giving you lives for the main game. You can play this non stop pretty much and will keep making things and growing crops while you sleep. Races against friends and can set up your own Co-Op with 30 members after stage 19.
Great game and no ads!!! A great time waster. Play at your own speed. If you're patient, things advance nicely. You don't need to spend actual money to advance in the game; it just takes longer. Side puzzles are fun as well.
As an 'orginal farm game' player fanatic including many years later the mobile app, this game is amazing. You can actually play the game without being bothered with ads and being asked constantly to spend 'real' money.
Can't stop playing! The farm animals get fed relatively quickly, and the train is amazing at getting you the otherwise hard to get build materials.
It's a fun game, and you're not watching adds every 30 seconds. This is one of the few games you're not constantly having to watch ads
I dont typically review games. But if you want a game that you can get on and play for awhile straight or just get on for a few minutes this is great! I'm a hairstylist and i'm always sttuggling to find a simple game I can play during small breaks and long breaks but never have to switch my game. And this one is it. They give you so many power ups and I think almost every time I get on I have an hour of unlimited lives! Just dowload it! Oh and did I mention NO ANNOYING ADS!
Even with the ads, it's not so bad. I like different ball options. The levels don't feel redundant either. Will continue to play since it's a good easy game.
Fun way to pass the time when you're relaxing. Not that many ads.
Downloaded this to get points on another one. I like this version of this type of game. I just installed it and I'm on level like 30 or something. Smooth & fast compared to other versions. There's a cursor at the bottom for more precise shoots. Graphics r nice, sounds are cool. No ads, so far, unless you watch for points/gems. I'd recommend this one.
It is very nice to look at not many annoying adds that interrupt game play and it's very satisfying.
Very good time waster with few ads.
Best ever with WiFi ads gives u point's
Good game Good strategy good looking thank you all Nice game
I honestly think this is the best game of its type that I've tried. Unlike some of the other games of its kind, I still feel like I'm making progress and can earn gems (the game's premium currency) to unlock things, even if I don't play every day or that often when I do at times. The dragons are cute and have interesting designs, and there's plenty to collect! Ads are still a thing, of course, but being able to still progress without having to purchase things makes it more than managable!
I haven't gotten hooked on a mobile game for a couple years it feels like. Not sure why but Botworld has definitely changed that. I can't stop! It has just enough loot grinding to make me want to keep playing but not so much that it's tedious. There's a ton of strategy in how you use your bots so it'll keep you trying to improve. And There's an auto battle mode so you can still progress in this time when you can't really focus 100%, like when you should be working ;)
Tons of content! The whole game is free to play, but there is a season pass system that requires buy-in for extra rewards. Nevertheless, there are still plenty of choices for team building, even for free players. There are a multitude of energy systems here, but there is always something to do. Combat is deep but not too complicated. Plus, very cute animals.
