Very addicting, some games like this reach a threshold where you can only play a tiny amount per several hours or spend cash, but this one I've still been able to spend as much time as I want filling orders and upgrading my town. It's refreshing. And there's new ways to play almost every day. Definitely worth a try if you like farming/base building style games!
I'm really liking this game. It's a great reminder that you need certain items in order to do things. For instance, you need to plant seeds & harvest wheat so that workers can make bread. I love keeping up with what I need in order to fill orders. I really love the chickens & how they prompt me to collect their eggs. The sheep are so cute too! I need to keep them fed so they don't shiver.
Love this game! No need to spend money if you don't want too and don't have to have friends to keep giving you lives for the main game. You can play this non stop pretty much and will keep making things and growing crops while you sleep. Races against friends and can set up your own Co-Op with 30 members after stage 19.
Great game and no ads!!! A great time waster. Play at your own speed. If you're patient, things advance nicely. You don't need to spend actual money to advance in the game; it just takes longer. Side puzzles are fun as well.
As an 'orginal farm game' player fanatic including many years later the mobile app, this game is amazing. You can actually play the game without being bothered with ads and being asked constantly to spend 'real' money.
Can't stop playing! The farm animals get fed relatively quickly, and the train is amazing at getting you the otherwise hard to get build materials.
It's a fun game, and you're not watching adds every 30 seconds. This is one of the few games you're not constantly having to watch ads
I dont typically review games. But if you want a game that you can get on and play for awhile straight or just get on for a few minutes this is great! I'm a hairstylist and i'm always sttuggling to find a simple game I can play during small breaks and long breaks but never have to switch my game. And this one is it. They give you so many power ups and I think almost every time I get on I have an hour of unlimited lives! Just dowload it! Oh and did I mention NO ANNOYING ADS!
Even with the ads, it's not so bad. I like different ball options. The levels don't feel redundant either. Will continue to play since it's a good easy game.
Fun way to pass the time when you're relaxing. Not that many ads.
Downloaded this to get points on another one. I like this version of this type of game. I just installed it and I'm on level like 30 or something. Smooth & fast compared to other versions. There's a cursor at the bottom for more precise shoots. Graphics r nice, sounds are cool. No ads, so far, unless you watch for points/gems. I'd recommend this one.
It is very nice to look at not many annoying adds that interrupt game play and it's very satisfying.
Very good time waster with few ads.
Best ever with WiFi ads gives u point's
Good game Good strategy good looking thank you all Nice game
I honestly think this is the best game of its type that I've tried. Unlike some of the other games of its kind, I still feel like I'm making progress and can earn gems (the game's premium currency) to unlock things, even if I don't play every day or that often when I do at times. The dragons are cute and have interesting designs, and there's plenty to collect! Ads are still a thing, of course, but being able to still progress without having to purchase things makes it more than managable!
I haven't gotten hooked on a mobile game for a couple years it feels like. Not sure why but Botworld has definitely changed that. I can't stop! It has just enough loot grinding to make me want to keep playing but not so much that it's tedious. There's a ton of strategy in how you use your bots so it'll keep you trying to improve. And There's an auto battle mode so you can still progress in this time when you can't really focus 100%, like when you should be working ;)
Tons of content! The whole game is free to play, but there is a season pass system that requires buy-in for extra rewards. Nevertheless, there are still plenty of choices for team building, even for free players. There are a multitude of energy systems here, but there is always something to do. Combat is deep but not too complicated. Plus, very cute animals.
