Game is fun, I like collecting and powering up my favorite characters from the webtoon. I've been playing 100% free and it's worth the download. Only reasons for 4/5 are the game can hit stagnation points in progression, and you're inundated with paid offers on the home screen even when you've been just switching menus, also some of these things are insanely expensive. Things in the $30+ range for 20 pulls and a guaranteed 5+ star hero. And that's a moderate microtransaction. Some are $75.
Excellent game with excellent graphics. I was searching for a good car racing game and then thought to download A9. It's really worth it. The multiplayer is good and other game modes like carrier, events etc are also enjoyable. The maps are well designed but I want gameloft to add a different game mode where we can drive in any map with our unlocked cars, basically like a free roam. Although it's not that important as asphalt 9 is an arcade racing game and the controls are also good and easy.
Solid 3 stars. I Love this game, but.. The game REALLY STRONGLY encourages you to spend money. You have to solve puzzles to get ahead. In the beginning you had many more easy puzzles than hard ones. Now I will get one or two easy then you get stuck on a hard or insanely difficult one. I got a free hour of play and spent all hour not getting past the one level. You can pay for more lives or more moves, but often that's the only way to get past the levels. I'm about to uninstall. Not fun anymore
I absolutely love this game! The only down part is probably that you have to wait for a while to get some items and buildings. I also wish that you could have a farm/ town with another person, so you can build on the same lot but also have your own farm to build on. I think that would make a BIG! change to this game and everybody would love it! I'LL ALSO LOVE HOW I GET NO ADS! I absolutely love this game and I hope I inspired other people to get it!
Great game. Great graphics, been playing for almost 8 yes. Only complaint is that within the past year or so, you almost need to spend money to stay competitive. It wasn't like that before.
Love this game but.... small glitches and the extra puzzles to win extra prizes for your town are impossible to finish. It's sad that it's set up this way.
it's a nice different kind of game. highly re commend for all ages. wish I can put on my TV to play.
It is nice game. But at first few levels you may feel boring but when it comes to higher level it is interesting. I have a request to the developer's please reduce the waiting time of egg and milk production and also products and make more easy ways to earn cash.
Dear developers, i ve been playing for 4 years and always love this game, im just asking if only the game have a feature option to disabling animation on game. This will so helpful for limiting background process on phone and could help entry and mid range phone users to experience more smooth gameplay and avoid overheating when using on long perido of time, wish the best for team.
Terrible. I've been playing this game for a long time and I really enjoyed it, but something changed recently. I've started noticing that after the last update, there have been alot of glitches that prevent you from winning a level. For example, I'm currently on level 11,366 (yes, I've been playing that long). I needed to clear one square to reveal a garden gnome and complete the level. I hit that square 6 times and it never removed the grass to reveal the gnome.
My issues with Disney+ was that my account got hacked, the password was changed and I changed it again after realizing it was hacked. However, THE EMAIL WAS CHANGED TOO! WITHOUT ME EVEN KNOWING! How that was possible, I don't know. After calling customer service and being on the phone the first time, we changed the email and password, only to find out by the first not helpful representative, that they don't give the option to sign everyone out even though you are the administrator of the account, so changing everything was pointless. He basically states that the people who hacked the account will still have access even though I changed all of the login information. I was ready to quit the whole Disney+ until I called customer service again the following day and spoke to Shay, her kindness and helpfulness convinced me to stay with Disney+. She revoked the account immediately and then helped me make a new account. One thing that should be added is better security. For someone to take over my account so easily and change the email and password was a horrible experience. Another thing that should be added is being able to log everyone out as an administrator of the account. The app is decent because of the shows it offers, I do not encounter any buffering and so on; however, the security and privacy isn't that great
I enjoy this game however it frustrates me that it tells me there are no videos available so that I can get additional coins and then when I say OK and leave that spot it immediately shows me a video before I can play again. Either it has the video or it doesn't, all it's doing is creating frustration and annoyance to the app. They really need to fix that bug.
Majestic designs, especially the costumes you can get for the cookies, and it gets extremely addicting, the addiction dies down and comes back. But, anyway, very cute and easy to understand game. There isn't much of an objective, and there's loads of things to do. But, after a while it starts to crash and lag an unbelievable amount, and the shop items are WAYYY overpriced.
I love this game. It has beautiful character designs, aesthetically pleasing voicelines for characters, and really nice battling. But my main issue is that it crashes A LOT. Especially on ios devices. I've been experiencing the crashes since last year, to come back to the game just for it to crash again. I can't do anything in the game without it crashing.
I thoroughly enjoyed the game's art, which was visually stunning and immersive. The attention to detail in the graphics was impressive, and it added to the overall enjoyment of the game. The story was captivating and kept me engaged throughout my gameplay. The voice over work was top-notch, with talented actors bringing the characters to life.However, I was disappointed by the false advertisement that initially attracted me to the game. It led to a sense of letdown and made me question the game
I've played to level 224. The line showing where the balls should go is not accurate. I've tested it again and again. I have to adjust for the inaccuracies. In the end, I'll look for another similar game that's accurate. Bubble Witch is accurate, as an example. That means whoever created this app has failed at an essential component to a tracking line.
