I love having animations and voices to the story. That's very well done (though some voices aren't what I expected). But the gameplay is meh, in that there really isn't any. It's a standard auto battler. While they've made some great improvements, like upgrading slots instead of characters, duplicates are still a ton of the power in the game, so you'll rely mostly on who you draw a bunch of. This is made worse because of having to play around elements. Rates are at least decent though.
Gameplay in Asphalt 9 centers around high-speed racing action with an arcade-style approach. The controls are designed to be intuitive, making it easy for both casual and hardcore gamers to enjoy. The game offers a variety of control options, including touch and tilt controls, catering to different player preferences. The TouchDrive feature allows players to focus on steering while the game handles acceleration, braking, and nitro boosts, simplifying the experience.
Really fun game, have been playing it for a while now. I find it very hard to find games that I don't lose interest in. This one has lots of different things to do to stay interested. Heaps of ways to earn points/lives/coins etc. Love it!
It's so enjoyable. I really like that I can leave it for couples of days or weeks without anything happened to my plants and animals. I also like that developer shorten the waiting time for each event games. Thank you and more power!
I just love this game. Started playing it 4 years ago. Then I do not know why I took a gap of 2 years. But, when I came again, I again got addicted to it. This game is casual, easy to play, the colour scheme (Red & Green) is good. The way you level up is statisfying. This game is a good time-passer. You could play it for hours and not get bored. How you mainly level up and the main thing to do is complete helicopter orders and filling trains and aeroplane crates. This game is a must
I found this game through a pay-for-play app. It quickly grew on me because of its conciseness and creativity, the whimsical designs, and ts general set-up. There is a nice time spacing built into the game, so that one does not fall into a 24h play frenzy. it is just the right game to kick back and dream. thank you!
I just enjoy this game! Last year I had surgery but they didn't do the nerve blocker well so I could feel the pain the minute I woke up BUT when I couldn't sleep cause it hurt, I played this game to distract me. Got very far in it, developed my town a lot, and had fun without being aware of my knee. So thanks game developers, you're more effective than the opiods I was prescribed for pain.
I enjoy not having to wait for energy to build up to move around and play in my town. most games you start with energy that you quickly burn through and then you wait all day for your energy to build back up! this game I don't bother with that!!
All around great game. If you love farming and building towns this game is for you. Great graphics and not laggy. Barely any adds. There are opportunities to communicate with friends and help them out, and much more.
Great game with good design and cute graphics. Spending is an option, but not required so far. No ads. Very entertaining.
I simply love this game. I love the town I built. I love the story that each neighborhood is telling. I love the challenges and find myself engrossed that it's the next day, and I've been up all night. My mind is always being changed!
Just downloaded it today but it seems like a really cute little game. The town is charming and i love the idea of building up a small town or community. I personally feel that this is a great thing to know, even if it does feel a bit childish but regardless the game is cute and entertaining
I love playing Township. The game is fast enough for me because of bad eyesight. Slow enough to plan out the town that works for me. If I could have another Township, I would in a New York minute. Lol
The game is very intersting. I keep downloading it when i change phones. Peiple shouldn't complain about passing a level because that's where the fun is. I've had to play a level more than 10 times before getting it but persistence made me pass the stage and i felt joy knowing i finally did it. It's a game that exersises you mentally and i recommend it to everyone both young and old
It's RARE that I play any sort of video game, and let's be honest, most are really a horrible waste of time! But this game appeared in my phone after a normal update. Just before I went to uninstall it, I decided to give it a chance and try it. I was surprised to discover that it was actually quite fun! Despite becoming totally engaged in it, I could also easily stop. It's a cute, satisfying little game for anybody who enjoys the theme of renovations.
5 out of 5. The gameplay was nice and for some reason I really liked how the character waved and talked to me even if it is just NPCs, and I love to design it and collect coins. I enjoy the puzzle because it reminds me of candy crush, If you like designing and Pretty simple puzzles, this is the game for you :)
the best experience in all platforms i support their content
The app is slick, and works seamlessly. Finally LinkedIn has a native windows app!
Very Fun! There's lots to do, an amazing storyline, and beautiful graphics. The only minor bad thing I can say about this game is that it can be kind of grindy sometimes... but that's just because I hadn't been taking the necessary steps before that point, so here's some tips. Upgrade your cookie houses early! Once you get to a high enough level, leveling up will require lots of xp, so it's best to start preparing for it before you get to that point.
I really like this game. It kinda reminds me of one of the game variations of Super Breakout. It feels really satisfying to break the blocks with a long string of the bouncy balls.
Even with the ads, it's not so bad. I like different ball options. The levels don't feel redundant either. Will continue to play since it's a good easy game.
What's not to love? It's both an easy & increasingly challenging game. You can earn/buy things to help you win, there are different skins, & the games last approx 10-15 minutes. The ads are tolerable at 5-30 second long. I'm addicted to this game; it's my favorite toilet time activity!
So satisfying! Love playing this on my OnePlus 11! For me this never gets old. I don't mind sitting on hold, waiting in line or boiling water when I have this installed.
S/O to this lovely game app that has managed to survive several factory resets and changes of phone; still has all of my info. 500+ levels in and still plenty of play left in it.
One of the best, great strategic brick brake game. I love this one! It is better than a lot of the others and new levels of extreme difficulty are introduced every month or two. This is my ideal time killer when out somewhere waiting for something. I've been loving what Mobirix is doing with their vast range of simple but progressively arduous game catalog of titles dating back to the 90's with a cutting edge twist.
A delightful surprise! I downloaded this game to obtain points in another app, but imagine my surprise when I find this lovely game! It has one little ad at the top but aside from that, no ads!! You can actually play the game quite comfortably! it's basically 99% gameplay!! What a treat! It has lots of levels and it's rather fun! I'm definitely keeping this game downloaded!
This is one of my favorite games. It's very simple, but it's also challenging and fun. I use it to clear my mind or pass the time.
It is a very awesome game, I'm enjoying every second of it and I love how these rewards keep coming in that's real dope.
Keeps the mind Sharp very good for pool table players (Angles) it's All about Angles and keeping count mathematics! Greatgame
Fun game! Very dependent on ads/purchases, but overall a good experience. At least there exist ways to succeed without p2w, so that's good. I like how the challenge level increases the longer you play, and the game has all sorts of hidden opportunities that you can use to maximize your chances. I also like how they continue to improve in game events, like rebounds and keeper coming off his line.
Good game Good strategy good looking thank you all Nice game
great game very interactive
Great game, have to give it 5 stars.
Good game for anyone who love challenges. Improved fairness in the competition
Brilliant fun game, very competitive with global players, superb matchplay and graphics. Great team goals too
Haven't played in a while
This game is so cool that I never expected I was totally attracted to play this game which I never used so other days now I cannot delete this game this game is become one of my favourite games In this game I have many dragons collection but I still play this game in game new event we're epic and and other event are also epic I love this game Dragon mania legends is going crazy THANK YOU SO MUCH
I love thist game and dragons . The dragons loocks so pretty and specially LMT dragons are so beautiful . I LOVE this game because of weekly and monthly new events . The game is so attractive.
Oh my god this game is amazing i previously played a game called dragon city and i liked the concept so much but the loading screen and ads not to mention their pay to win feature made it miserable this game eliminated all that problems and its gameplay is just second to none . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Because this game is very nice. And it's hane good graffic as compared to Dragon city.
Very fun, gamr has the perfect balance between idle and active gameplay. You can choose to play to collect your rewards and do a mission or two, or you can grind out missions and contracts for hours at a time. game is surprisingly difficult and strategic, with loads of bots abilities and gadgets to keep the game entertaining and fresh. There are always things to be working toward, as well as a fun online arena which is also completely optional. the game is great, with many ways to play and enjoy
I haven't gotten hooked on a mobile game for a couple years it feels like. Not sure why but Botworld has definitely changed that. I can't stop! It has just enough loot grinding to make me want to keep playing but not so much that it's tedious. There's a ton of strategy in how you use your bots so it'll keep you trying to improve. And There's an auto battle mode so you can still progress in this time when you can't really focus 100%, like when you should be working ;)
This game has been an excellent adventure while I'm quarantined at home with Covid. Highly addicting and endlessly fun, I have yet to find a feature of the game that I don't enjoy. The cherry on top is that there is no pay-to-win; everything is attainable through regular gameplay and minimal grinding, plus there are no ads unless you choose to watch them for rewards. The battles are engaging, the environment tantalizing, and the bots charming. An excellent take on the monster collecting genre.
So far Botworld has been an enjoyable experience, with it's interesting take on both adventure and the world as a whole. You are a newbie getting ready to set out to become a botmaster! A user of various types of bots with different roles in arena styled battles. The roles being ranged, tank or close ranged combantants with their own style of combat. I just set out on the adventure, but interested to see how it plays out. Worth a play!
An absolute gem of a game! Gameplay is fun, doesn't drag on, the mechanics are easy to understand but not to simple to be boring, and everything is just so cute! The ads are all optional but best believe I'll be watching them to help support the game! There aren't a lot of bots, but that makes each of them special and recognizable! I'd definitely recommend this game!
It's a pretty great little game. It has premium currency, but it's definitely not needed for the full experience! I made a purchase just to show my appreciation to the developers for making a genuinely solid little game! Hopefully we can get some more bots and a little more customization in the future. I'll definitely stick around to see.
It takes a very, very good game for me to take the effort of writing a review. This is one of those games. The amount of time that has gone into this game blows my mind considering it is free. The ads are not pushy whatsoever and completely your choice on whether you watch them or not. The story is fun, upgrading bots is rewarding and doesn't feel grindy, the NPC's are funny and memorable, the daily missions so far have not felt repetitive. There's few cons I would mention but I'm at word limit.
I'm not really a fan of pokemon style, catch and collect games, but this one is surprisingly addictive. Good graphics, simple controls, easy to understand UI, and simple game play make this game addictive and great fun to play
Game is fun, I like collecting and powering up my favorite characters from the webtoon. I've been playing 100% free and it's worth the download. Only reasons for 4/5 are the game can hit stagnation points in progression, and you're inundated with paid offers on the home screen even when you've been just switching menus, also some of these things are insanely expensive. Things in the $30+ range for 20 pulls and a guaranteed 5+ star hero. And that's a moderate microtransaction. Some are $75.
Excellent game with excellent graphics. I was searching for a good car racing game and then thought to download A9. It's really worth it. The multiplayer is good and other game modes like carrier, events etc are also enjoyable. The maps are well designed but I want gameloft to add a different game mode where we can drive in any map with our unlocked cars, basically like a free roam. Although it's not that important as asphalt 9 is an arcade racing game and the controls are also good and easy.
Solid 3 stars. I Love this game, but.. The game REALLY STRONGLY encourages you to spend money. You have to solve puzzles to get ahead. In the beginning you had many more easy puzzles than hard ones. Now I will get one or two easy then you get stuck on a hard or insanely difficult one. I got a free hour of play and spent all hour not getting past the one level. You can pay for more lives or more moves, but often that's the only way to get past the levels. I'm about to uninstall. Not fun anymore
I absolutely love this game! The only down part is probably that you have to wait for a while to get some items and buildings. I also wish that you could have a farm/ town with another person, so you can build on the same lot but also have your own farm to build on. I think that would make a BIG! change to this game and everybody would love it! I'LL ALSO LOVE HOW I GET NO ADS! I absolutely love this game and I hope I inspired other people to get it!
Great game. Great graphics, been playing for almost 8 yes. Only complaint is that within the past year or so, you almost need to spend money to stay competitive. It wasn't like that before.
Love this game but.... small glitches and the extra puzzles to win extra prizes for your town are impossible to finish. It's sad that it's set up this way.
it's a nice different kind of game. highly re commend for all ages. wish I can put on my TV to play.
It is nice game. But at first few levels you may feel boring but when it comes to higher level it is interesting. I have a request to the developer's please reduce the waiting time of egg and milk production and also products and make more easy ways to earn cash.
Dear developers, i ve been playing for 4 years and always love this game, im just asking if only the game have a feature option to disabling animation on game. This will so helpful for limiting background process on phone and could help entry and mid range phone users to experience more smooth gameplay and avoid overheating when using on long perido of time, wish the best for team.
Terrible. I've been playing this game for a long time and I really enjoyed it, but something changed recently. I've started noticing that after the last update, there have been alot of glitches that prevent you from winning a level. For example, I'm currently on level 11,366 (yes, I've been playing that long). I needed to clear one square to reveal a garden gnome and complete the level. I hit that square 6 times and it never removed the grass to reveal the gnome.
My issues with Disney+ was that my account got hacked, the password was changed and I changed it again after realizing it was hacked. However, THE EMAIL WAS CHANGED TOO! WITHOUT ME EVEN KNOWING! How that was possible, I don't know. After calling customer service and being on the phone the first time, we changed the email and password, only to find out by the first not helpful representative, that they don't give the option to sign everyone out even though you are the administrator of the account, so changing everything was pointless. He basically states that the people who hacked the account will still have access even though I changed all of the login information. I was ready to quit the whole Disney+ until I called customer service again the following day and spoke to Shay, her kindness and helpfulness convinced me to stay with Disney+. She revoked the account immediately and then helped me make a new account. One thing that should be added is better security. For someone to take over my account so easily and change the email and password was a horrible experience. Another thing that should be added is being able to log everyone out as an administrator of the account. The app is decent because of the shows it offers, I do not encounter any buffering and so on; however, the security and privacy isn't that great
I enjoy this game however it frustrates me that it tells me there are no videos available so that I can get additional coins and then when I say OK and leave that spot it immediately shows me a video before I can play again. Either it has the video or it doesn't, all it's doing is creating frustration and annoyance to the app. They really need to fix that bug.
Majestic designs, especially the costumes you can get for the cookies, and it gets extremely addicting, the addiction dies down and comes back. But, anyway, very cute and easy to understand game. There isn't much of an objective, and there's loads of things to do. But, after a while it starts to crash and lag an unbelievable amount, and the shop items are WAYYY overpriced.
I love this game. It has beautiful character designs, aesthetically pleasing voicelines for characters, and really nice battling. But my main issue is that it crashes A LOT. Especially on ios devices. I've been experiencing the crashes since last year, to come back to the game just for it to crash again. I can't do anything in the game without it crashing.
I thoroughly enjoyed the game's art, which was visually stunning and immersive. The attention to detail in the graphics was impressive, and it added to the overall enjoyment of the game. The story was captivating and kept me engaged throughout my gameplay. The voice over work was top-notch, with talented actors bringing the characters to life.However, I was disappointed by the false advertisement that initially attracted me to the game. It led to a sense of letdown and made me question the game
I've played to level 224. The line showing where the balls should go is not accurate. I've tested it again and again. I have to adjust for the inaccuracies. In the end, I'll look for another similar game that's accurate. Bubble Witch is accurate, as an example. That means whoever created this app has failed at an essential component to a tracking line.
