I've really been enjoying the game. It doesn't require so much constant attention like some other online games and it feels like the events occur often enough to keep me engaged when I hit a wall in improving. I love seeing all my favorite characters and reliving moments from the comic. The costumes are cute too! Though I don't pay any money into the game and there are definitely whales, I still find I can enjoy the game.
Fun game without any pay walls (technically) however, there are many opportunities to spend money to gain advantages over f2p players. You can have a great time without ever spending money, however, those who do choose to spend will progress significantly faster than those who don't. Some games only let you do a few races before having to wait to play another. This game will let you play nonstop. There is a fuel system that takes time to restore, but its on a per car basis, so just switch cars.
I've been playing this game for years now. It's my favorite game EVER. There is always some side story line going on and the challenges and Regattas are super fun and keep things interesting. Also, you do spend money on this game (you don't have too) If you don't it just takes longer to do things. I spent a lot of money on this game, which I don't mind. The video showing this game isn't how it actually is which most game manufacturers show some random video clip lmao. Anyways, BEST GAME EVER.
Very addicting, some games like this reach a threshold where you can only play a tiny amount per several hours or spend cash, but this one I've still been able to spend as much time as I want filling orders and upgrading my town. It's refreshing. And there's new ways to play almost every day. Definitely worth a try if you like farming/base building style games!
I'm really liking this game. It's a great reminder that you need certain items in order to do things. For instance, you need to plant seeds & harvest wheat so that workers can make bread. I love keeping up with what I need in order to fill orders. I really love the chickens & how they prompt me to collect their eggs. The sheep are so cute too! I need to keep them fed so they don't shiver.
Love this game! No need to spend money if you don't want too and don't have to have friends to keep giving you lives for the main game. You can play this non stop pretty much and will keep making things and growing crops while you sleep. Races against friends and can set up your own Co-Op with 30 members after stage 19.
This is my favorite game. I have been playing daily for over a year. So much to do. Team regattas, Trains, planes, boats, helicopters, and zoo orders to fill. Farming and manufacturing, mining, decorating. Adventures that take energy refilled by time and winning challenging matching games. Always growing your town by building and populating it. The graphics are cute and dynamic. You even get to name animals in the zoo. There are reward chests and game money to be won. NO ADS!
Great game and no ads!!! A great time waster. Play at your own speed. If you're patient, things advance nicely. You don't need to spend actual money to advance in the game; it just takes longer. Side puzzles are fun as well.
Township is truly an amazing game...it is interactive and never a dull moment. I play it daily just to break up my day a little. No ads or interruptions just fun and enjoyment all around. My family all play and they love it too. Awesome game for any age. I say download and try it today and see for yourself. You can Township too.
Still my go to game, still fun, every update is something new and exciting, always celebrating holidays which makes this game more fun. I also met a lot of ppl from different parts of the world who also have Townships of their own. Plus, there's always side games to add more adventure to Township without downloading a game like it. Great game
As an 'orginal farm game' player fanatic including many years later the mobile app, this game is amazing. You can actually play the game without being bothered with ads and being asked constantly to spend 'real' money.
Fun to play. Easy to understand and a nice level of challenge and engagement without significant pay wall. Good animations!
One of the better games on the Tapjoy offer wall. It doesn't have an ad any time you do anything, and it doesn't require you to be on it 24/7. Simple design and very engaging.
Can't stop playing! The farm animals get fed relatively quickly, and the train is amazing at getting you the otherwise hard to get build materials.
So I've been playing this game for a few months now. I'm a regular, so I really enjoy watching everything coming into full bloom, sending things off, and watching my town grow.
This game is so wholesome and enjoyable! I usually play more fast-paced shooter games, but sometimes I feel the need to calm down and relax... this seems to do just that. With that being said, I'm a proud player of this game. Thnx to the developers for making such a chill and relaxing game :)
It's a fun game, and you're not watching adds every 30 seconds. This is one of the few games you're not constantly having to watch ads
It was the best game ever downloaded at first it is not so interesting but later when l leveled up found it so intersting and I feel no problem with it. I love this game. For me it deserve five star
I wasn't even going to play this game but the relentless ads dragged me in. I was expecting to have to pay to truly play but so long as you are ok with grinding you can get enough of the premium currency without paying for which I like.
It's good. We can design our own town. While waiting for the goods to be made, we can play match 3 with fun events. Also the game can be connected to facebook so we can play in multiple devices
Amazing I can plan my family and I like on every single level can unlock new things which makes it so much more fun to see new things
I dont typically review games. But if you want a game that you can get on and play for awhile straight or just get on for a few minutes this is great! I'm a hairstylist and i'm always sttuggling to find a simple game I can play during small breaks and long breaks but never have to switch my game. And this one is it. They give you so many power ups and I think almost every time I get on I have an hour of unlimited lives! Just dowload it! Oh and did I mention NO ANNOYING ADS!
It's not a fancy game, but it's one of my go-to time-killers. Yes, there are ads after every level, but the levels take long enough that I don't mind. Some reviewers have said the ball movements are unpredictable, but I don't find that to be the case - it's sometimes hard to fine-tune where you want it to go, depending on the shape of the blocks (square or cut in half diagonally), where you hit a block, and whether there are additional items in the field (a little diamond-shaped thing makes the balls bounce unpredictably off its faceted top). I like these and plan strategy accordingly. There aren't any nauseatingly adorable little dragons or elves, no cutesy soundtrack, no side-games that I've seen - just a straightforward strategy puzzle.
Great challenges and ideal to pass the time while waiting at appointments to be called in, etc. Good options to play the classic style and easy enough to achieve gems if you want the extra challenge.
Fun way to pass the time when you're relaxing. Not that many ads.
Downloaded this to get points on another one. I like this version of this type of game. I just installed it and I'm on level like 30 or something. Smooth & fast compared to other versions. There's a cursor at the bottom for more precise shoots. Graphics r nice, sounds are cool. No ads, so far, unless you watch for points/gems. I'd recommend this one.
It is very nice to look at not many annoying adds that interrupt game play and it's very satisfying.
Very good time waster with few ads.
Liked it very much. Its a wonderful game. Put your minds off from the hard days work and any other stress. I give 5*. Tnx
Love this game. I see people complaining about the ads, but I really haven't experienced this. I know an ad pops up each time you lose a level and have to restart, but if you're smart, you can avoid actually losing any level. I'm not going to divulge this trick since it would interfere with their ability to make money, but come on people. Even if you do have to watch an ad between attempts or levels, it's a free game with THOUSANDS of free levels. Calm down.
Amazing! Not only is it fun, they do adds right!!! Most phone games nowadays have so many ads that there is a way more ad time than there is game time which makes most people uninstall after a while. There are ads, but it's just the occasional ones on the way top of your screen so you don't accidentally click one! And barely see them! Bravo!!!
This game is seriously so much fun. The ads sty at the top and do not interfere with the game! There's also none of those annoying ads in between levels! Honestly, download it. You won't regret it. I really love that the colors change as you get the blocks hit. Great work y'all!
This is such an addictive game. I really like the new update which gives you more levels and you can earn many diamonds. I've been playing this game while watching movies, videos, even listening to lectures at my university. It's a perfect background game that helps you focus if you're like me and need multiple stimulations. It's also very satisfying. A big plus is definitely low amount of ads. I highly recommend it.
This game is FUN. I love the fact there are no ads unless you choose to get power ups.
Best ever with WiFi ads gives u point's
Good game, I really like it
This game is magnificent, awesome. I have been playing for 3 yrs now and no issues. You can also make real friends from the association group
I am playing the game since the begining and i still enjoy it like on the first day!!
8 months/seasons in and still hooked. Good balance, something to play a few times a day but doesnt take over! 10/10
Great game indeed. The BEST managerial platform out there. No doubt.
so far so good, I'm enjoying my experience. im level 4 and have 3 leagues,I'm now focusing on winning the champion league and cup for next season
the best Manager games out there, if not the best. Keep it up guys. I love it...
If you commit yourself and play for at least 20 mins a day you'll get your rewards. Don't give up!!! Go For it!...
I honestly think this is the best game of its type that I've tried. Unlike some of the other games of its kind, I still feel like I'm making progress and can earn gems (the game's premium currency) to unlock things, even if I don't play every day or that often when I do at times. The dragons are cute and have interesting designs, and there's plenty to collect! Ads are still a thing, of course, but being able to still progress without having to purchase things makes it more than managable!
Great game!!!! The customer support is there for you when you need them, everything is proportionate to your level, so its just as difficult to get certain things at a level 10 as a level 50. I recommend this game to anyone that wants something cool and fun to play, without the worry of being attacked by everyone and losing progress. Noone trash talks, and everything is very stressless.
Used to play this back when I was a kid, came back half a decade later. Still the best breeding game out there
Really fun! I love the attention to detail in every aspect of this game. Devs are responsive to feedback. I'm progressing nicely - not too fast or slow - sometimes grindy, but that's expected. Got to level 25 & still fun. There's lots that keeps this fresh. I don't feel the ads/$ is burdensome. Made some purchases when I want to rush things, but it's not necessary to pay to progress. Really enjoying this world, thank you! To new players, def recommend checking out the Discord sooner vs later.
I rarely write reviews, so this one is personal. Other people have strongly suggested the game, and I'll add my voice to the choir -- what a well made, non-ad intrusive game. The game has animal crossing style graphics, with an addicting gameplay system that keeps me coming back each day. Best of all, the ads aren't intrusive, and the rewards for money spent is worth it. I've been more willing to spend money on this game because I want to support the good practices made by the company. BRAVO!
Really awesome game! It's a wonder it's free! I put some money in it but only because I wanted to support the developers, it's totally free to play though and you can be great at the game playing that way too. You find blueprints around an open world and build robots (from scrap you find around said open world) and battle NPCs and other real players. There's a story and daily quests and somewhat of a battle pass like system as well. Super fun game! Definitely give it a try.
Great game, I've been playing non-stop since getting it. I spent money to get the pass, but it doesn't seem like you need to spend anything to progress. If you're like me (fulltime job, family responsibilities, etc.) the ad removal for $6 is totally worth saving time. Combat is automatic, you only control your powers and where you place your bots. But this still offers plenty of strategy. They only give you 500 characters for these reviews, so I'll just say I highly recommend getting this game
This is a great moble game! The battle system is fun and unique, the graphics are great, and paying and watching adds just speeds things up a bit... there is nothing you can get through paying that you cant get through normal gameplay which is a nice change of pace. Getting new bots is pretty fun too. You scavenge scrap from the world or beat NPCs in battles to build new bots with certain scraps dropping more frequently depending on how the battle was fought. I love this game, it's worth a try
Tons of content! The whole game is free to play, but there is a season pass system that requires buy-in for extra rewards. Nevertheless, there are still plenty of choices for team building, even for free players. There are a multitude of energy systems here, but there is always something to do. Combat is deep but not too complicated. Plus, very cute animals.
