"Game is fun, I like collecting and powering up my favorite characters from the webtoon. I've been playing 100% free and it's worth the download. Only reasons for 4/5 are the game can hit stagnation points in progression, and you're inundated with paid offers on the home screen even when you've been just switching menus, also some of these things are insanely expensive. Things in the $30+ range for 20 pulls and a guaranteed 5+ star hero. And that's a moderate microtransaction. Some are $75."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality", "app", or "pricing" but was categorized as "contents".

"Overall a good experience for people who like Tower of God, but there are times where the input delay is upwards of 4 or 5 seconds after pressing a button before the game responds. Some examples would be leveling shinsu links, pressing the start button for stages, navigating menus, etc. Unsure if it's related to user volume or optimization issues, but this has easily been the biggest pain point from a user experience perspective. Summon rates could be buffed a little bit too :)"
	should have been categorized as "app" or "improvement" but was categorized as "resources".

"The game moves too slow, both from screen to screen and while in battle. I find myself wishing it would move along faster. I think that the game would benefit to have a button that you can maybe press and hold to engage 4x speed up of the game to get through slow, monotonous areas where you easily beat levels. It can be very time-consuming and boring to wait to get through what you know you can win. Or maybe just press once to advance to the final outcome."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "app".

"I wish the game had more replayable levels to kill time and gain small rewards because when you hit a wall and can't progress there is literally nothing to do if you're stuck. You are forced to go afk and wait for the idle rewards to accumulate. I wish the story was separate, not locked to adventure progress. A mode that is repeatable without waiting for a refresh. I wish the opening video when you first start the game is replayable or rewatchable in the game somewhere. I enjoyed it a lot."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "GUI".

"The game itself is gorgeous, and there's a variety of things to do every day (for daily content). The only gameplay drawback I have encountered is that if you're stuck on a certain level for the adventure mode and chaos trial, there's just about nothing left to do but get off the game and wait until your loot fills up or the daily reset happens. It'd be great to have a replayable stage or something else that can be actively grinded for small rewards so I have a reason to stay on the game."
	should have been categorized as "GUI" or "improvement" but was categorized as "model".

"Love the game. Only thing is you cannot make it far without paying realworld money to upgrade/obtain vehicles to continue in career mode. They have made some changes and I like them. Please continue the ad powered blueprint option. It works. The game has gotten much better. It still takes a while to progress in career mode. But it's doable. Season pass cars should be of higher class in my opinion. But overall great game."
	should have been categorized as "pricing", "updates/versions", or "improvement" but was categorized as "GUI".

"This game is mind blowing, the graphics are outstanding, the controls are comfortable and the game play is wonderful. However it is very difficult to finish story without being able to start a race with an underpowered car while the choice of cars are very limited, especially for races that require a car that is very hard to get which is to open it's featured pack even though it's not guaranteed to get the blueprint for the required car. Please fix this."
	should have been categorized as "GUI" or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "security".

"The gameplay is great, good graphics. Ads and tutorials are a little annoying tho. Edit: Well, forgot to mention that grinding for 1 random car is a pain. And please fix this game physics please, especially for super cars, they got some weird physics. edit: I think they should add a story mode that does not affect the career mode, I love the career mode but a story mode will make things interesting. And they fix some physics monstrosity! 5/5"
	should have been categorized as "GUI", "pricing", or "improvement" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"Solid 3 stars. I Love this game, but.. The game REALLY STRONGLY encourages you to spend money. You have to solve puzzles to get ahead. In the beginning you had many more easy puzzles than hard ones. Now I will get one or two easy then you get stuck on a hard or insanely difficult one. I got a free hour of play and spent all hour not getting past the one level. You can pay for more lives or more moves, but often that's the only way to get past the levels. I'm about to uninstall. Not fun anymore"
	should have been categorized as "pricing" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"The game is fun. I enjoy building my town. But I believe it to be unfair. The amount of storage in the barn is incredibly unreasonable compared to the items required to progress in the game. The train time is ridiculous and doesn't give you enough materials to complete construction of buildings. It's like you don't really have a choice but to spend money. Also, I bought the golden ticket, and after a few days they took the extra barn storage away! I paid for that!"
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "pricing" but was categorized as "resources".

"Great casual game. I love the challenge of organising town, construct buildings, completing people's order, or expanding the land. If you can reduce default the timer of all town work little bit in the next version, I would be pleasant for me. I don't have any issues for the main game. The minigame gets tougher at high level, but I just trying again and again until the algorithm changes where the easy pieces comes in and creating power-ups automatically. I want other minigames."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "improvement" but was categorized as "app".

"Very fun and I love the layers of the game. I am hoping the developers read reviews and wouldn't mind taking a request. Please fix the game so that the levels of the game are not fixed to force you to not proceed. I even spend more than enough money and the game LOCKS you out of rewards. Please provide more pavement options- texture and color. Please adjust the seafood pizza to look more appetizing. Thank you!"
	should have been categorized as "pricing", "GUI", or "improvement" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"Love the game, but someone decided that putting a tutorial speech bubble over the board (which is currently covering the block that I am being told to join with). Please give an option to minimise the tutorial or close the window altogether? I am literally stuck on that screen and have to come out of the game totally to even get back to the main game. Most frustrating!"
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "security".

"Love this game. I have been playing it for a year and still enjoy playing it every day. There are plenty of opportunities to use real money, but it's balanced with lots of ways to earn in-game cash within the game itself. There are several different components - building your town, producing goods, and the match-3 game adventures - so there's always something to do. I like the balance between challenging puzzles and tasks, and relatively simple ones, and the co-op option is fun and helpful."
	should have been categorized as "pricing", "contents", or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "app".

"I absolutely love this game! The only down part is probably that you have to wait for a while to get some items and buildings. I also wish that you could have a farm/ town with another person, so you can build on the same lot but also have your own farm to build on. I think that would make a BIG! change to this game and everybody would love it! I'LL ALSO LOVE HOW I GET NO ADS! I absolutely love this game and I hope I inspired other people to get it!"
	should have been categorized as "improvement" or "pricing" but was categorized as "app".

"I only started playing it for less than an hour, and I already love it! If I had to describe this game, I would describe it like Hay Day, but also focuses on the town than just a farm. Also there was one bug where I had a task to feed chicken. When I pressed the task, I was able to, but the chicken coop wasn't don't building yet. It's just a minor bug I noticed. Other than that, the game is great!"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"I've been playing this game over 5 years now, off and on. I enjoy playing this peaceful game. I've been in 3 co-ops, the last one, almost 2 years now. It seems the people who have reached high levels 100+ have not been playing the game. My reggata has only seen less than 6 players. We used to be in the top 3 and now we come in 17th at best. The prizes are pitiful at best. I wish the co-op leader could step down and let others take control instead of having to start a new one and try to recruit."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "model".

"Great game. Great graphics, been playing for almost 8 years. Only complaint is that within the past year or so, you almost need to spend money to stay competitive. It wasn't like that before."
	should have been categorized as "GUI" or "pricing" but was categorized as "model".

"It's a very interesting game..... Earlier there was that restaurant as part of the town, now it's missing, can you add that which was mind blowing,.. Now they have added a new event culinary adventure it was very interesting. I love that part in this game"
	should have been categorized as "updates/versions" or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "contents".

"It keeps me entertained. My only issue is I don't like how during the mini games, when you win it goes back to the map which takes a while to load instead of going to the next level. This matters when you have timed bonus. It takes sometimes an entire minute to load the map. If you win 5 levels thats at least 5 minutes taken from your 15 minute bonus. Otherwise the game is decent."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "resources".

"This game is awesome a bit like Family Farm I wish it had more activities to win for land and space in the Farm shed. This game is more expensive each week to play Because I'm on a budget I can buy enough each week. So please give more activities to play so it will make cheaper to buy extensions on the land and buy for machine's. And updates for every machine's. I enjoy playing this game."
	should have been categorized as "contents", "pricing", or "improvement" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"I love the game and have recommended it to others. You can make your town as unique as you like, have friends and family play along. The only downside I have is when Christmas comes up, I would love to decorate my town with Christmas decorations, so please consider my thoughts."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "improvement" but was categorized as "app".

"Great app. Just one thing is missing. It needs DRAFT editing Township like Hey Day game. Decorate Township require much time. So, we can not decorate whole Township at one time. So, if we can save Township as draft it would be good."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "company".

"The game is not working it the server down and needs better perks and it's expensive when your playing the mini games it needs better rewards for what you pricing is to pay. And takes forever to build.. it's hard to build your garden when it don't give you enough crop space. This app needs work and plz fix servers"
	should have been categorized as "resources", "pricing", or "app" but was categorized as "GUI".

"Love this game but.... small glitches and the extra puzzles to win extra prizes for your town are impossible to finish. It's sad that it's set up this way."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"Yes this game is superb I agree with and I gave also 5 star. But I have one request to minimize the harvesting time, it takes 8hr that's awkward moment. And after completing one session we have only less rupees. thats also bad thing give some more money . special request."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "security".

"Enjoying this game now but, at first it was a tad bit hard to get the just of it. Once I learned the ins and outs it became much more enjoyable. That is why I rated this 5 stars because now it is hard to stop playing."
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "GUI".

"Update suddenly the game can't connect to the server...? I cleared the cash but it still cannot. very well made and super entertaining but you need patience."
	should have been categorized as "updates/versions" or "app" but was categorized as "contents".

"This game is very amazing. I enjoy good time with this game but by mistake. I delete this this game then I download it again but my all factories, community building are disappear I can make products in them but I can't see them they are working but can't see my factories and community building Plz fix it"
	should have been categorized as "resources" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"I'm NOT liking the other in-game features. They are intrusive. The designer put the other features so close to the touch sensitive main features that I click on them inadvertently so often I just want to throw my phone across the room and watch it smash against the wall"
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "contents" but was categorized as "resources".

"it's a nice different kind of game. highly recommend for all ages. wish I can put on my TV to play."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" or "model" but was categorized as "app".

"It is nice game. But at first few levels you may feel boring but when it comes to higher level it is interesting. I have a request to the developer's please reduce the waiting time of egg and milk production and also products and make more easy ways to earn cash."
	should have been categorized as "contents" or "improvement" but was categorized as "app".

"Love the game the only issue I have is there is no confirmation to cancel orders or spend bucks etc... like speed ups and such. I have lost countless amounts due to finger slips and it's super annoying. And you can't cancel making an item. If it's in queue it should be able to stop it and get back items but there is no way to. Other than that this game is great."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "GUI".

"I love the game itself. The mini puzzle games are frustrating. I feel like you get to a certain point and the algorithm makes it so you have to spend cash to go further and it's frustrating. I've sat on a level for 2 days and the minute I spend cash to play I beat it. Also there's not enough power ups offered."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality", "pricing", or "contents" but was categorized as "app".

"It's a Good Game need Helps tutorial. Lots things are there in the game. Need tutorial. Like In regatta there is a option called - Combo Task, but I am unable to understand how to select combopack. You should have help tutorial. Bank money is very hard to earn. Some time it's by mistake click on buy goods at the times of loading goods at Train/Plane. So there should be some confirmation button before spending for such buy. Please work on that. I have lose lots of money which was not needed"
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "GUI".

"I would like to give a better review, but, like many others here, there are levels that are designed solely to make you spend money. I know the stock answer of every level can be beat...blah, blah, blah. No. Congratulations, you designed a hard level. I play these games for relaxation, not frustration. I get enough frustration in everything else in my life. I will not spend real money. Give an option to skip a level. Seriously, if you lose 100 times, you unlock a pass"
	should have been categorized as "pricing" or "improvement" but was categorized as "GUI".

"I really wanted it to be good because the concept is so fun and it used to be so rewarding. Now there are challenge levels that are ridiculously hard even very very early in the game that are LITERALLY impossible without power ups or incredible luck. It just makes it disappointing, frustrating, and annoying to play and not worth the time even though it could be fun! Glad to see other people have the same problems and it's not just me being bad at the game lol."
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "pricing".

"What should have been a casual match-3 game (which, yes, does have the advertised slider puzzles, one about every 8-10 levels) has been overcomplicated with so many extra mechanics that you have two options to advance. Be lucky enough to be able to match 6 or more on every move, or shell out enough cash to buy powerups. This isn't casual, it's frustrating and disappointing."
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"An interesting game. good enough to while away time. I never get tired of playing it. my only complaint is that they should enable players to buy at least two extra attempts at 500 gold coins, as you may just need a move or two extra moves to complete a level....and most times, one may not have up to 900 gold coins. it would be nice if they can allow just two extra attempts too. just a suggestion. thank you."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "security".

"The game is very enjoyable game to play the only thing I don't like is the extra bonus level the we are forced to play. We either lose a life or lose the power ups. There should be gone out of the game or have a choice of not playing."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "improvement" but was categorized as "pricing".

"Its a really nice game but my issue is that, it does not allow for continuity after changing phones. If a player links his/her facebook account to it, they should be able to continue where they stop on another phone rather than starting all over again. Its really exhausting."
	should have been categorized as "resources" or "model" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"I've been playing this game many years and i love it. But got a problem, i purchase coins from safe two times but never get the coins and my account is charged. I try many thing for refund, help center etc. I don't know what to do anymore, please help."
	should have been categorized as "pricing", "app", or "company" but was categorized as "resources".

"We have just about every streaming app you can think of, and as much as I want this one to be my favorite, it's definitely the worst and the most unreliable. We use Disney+ every single day since we have Little's that NEED to watch Encanto on a constant loop, however myself and my husband are huge Marvel fans so we use it just as much as the kids do. My kids lost the remote to our TV last week, and I have stripped this house bare trying to find it and can't. So we have been relying on screen mirroring and casting. Disney+ is the only app that we have that refuses to work. When we did have our TV remote and could use Disney+ it would ALWAYS (about every 30 minutes) kick us out and tell us our internet was working. So we would just exit the app and go back in and it would be fine. We just moved into a new home and I was hoping the connection with the app would be better. Nope. It still times out about every 30 minutes and tells us there no internet connection when everything else in our house is working just fine. Basically when this happens you would have to exit the app, then return and if MIGHT start to work. The only reason I haven't deleted this app already is because my daughter HAS to watch Mickey Mouse Clubhouse."
	should have been categorized as "model" or "app" but was categorized as "improvement".

"When are we gonna get auto scroll? The only thing that would make the app worth it over just using your browser."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "security".

"Hurry update the photos."
	should have been categorized as "improvement" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"I downloaded this app but the app is not opening."
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "model".

"You cannot upload from this app. It directs you to the website in your browser. There you have none of the tools on TikTok that you have on the mobile, but you can schedule a video only from website. This mix and match is ridiculous"
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "model" but was categorized as "resources".

"I like to post videos and Stream on there with my PC I do hope in the app will come to Play Station 5 and Xbox so I can Stream game from there the easy way so you don't have to do so many work arounds to do it all from a pc is bad performance with the hole code and lag."
	should have been categorized as "model" but was categorized as "app".

"The app wont let me sign in with the browser"
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "model".

"I enjoy this game however it frustrates me that it tells me there are no videos available so that I can get additional coins and then when I say OK and leave that spot it immediately shows me a video before I can play again. Either it has the video or it doesn't, all it's doing is creating frustration and annoyance to the app. They really need to fix that bug."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "improvement" but was categorized as "app".

"False advertising! I'm a big fan of puzzle games and when I saw the ad (and this game info) for a simple interlocking puzzle game, I was intrigued. The game takes a while to load and this is not interlocking rings. It's a whole dragon adventure and the game I was looking for is just a mini game that you can rarely access and only for the first few levels of your characters. This game itself isn't terrible, and has its own merit, no need for false advertising."
	should have been categorized as "app", "company", or "contents" but was categorized as "security".

"I adore the game, but will likely delete it. It takes hundreds of energy points to complete a task and your reward, energy points, are not even a tenth of what you had to spend to complete the quest. When you let the game rest to build up energy points for hours and then get less than two minutes of actual play time because.... Your out of energy again."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"I've always had an issue with this game, between the constant 'Hey buy this!' Shoved in your face, and then the issues with finding something to do most of the time. I don't normally mind a story grind, but the least you can do is have an autobattle to just go through the story until you can't anymore. This game is cutesy, lots of fun, until it becomes a grind and a drag in turn."
	should have been categorized as "GUI", "pricing", "contents", or "improvement" but was categorized as "app".

"I love this game so much! I never run out of things to do, and it's so fun to get new characters and progress in the story! My only complaints would be that the game crashes when switching to things like the guild, arena, bounties or world exploration. It may be my specific phone, but it's irritating when it crashes, especially since the loading screen takes a bit to load. Otherwise great game! Very tempting/easy to spend money on, so be careful of that"
	should have been categorized as "contents", "app", "model", or "pricing" but was categorized as "resources".

"I've played to level 224. The line showing where the balls should go is not accurate. I've tested it again and again. I have to adjust for the inaccuracies. In the end, I'll look for another similar game that's accurate. Bubble Witch is accurate, as an example. That means whoever created this app has failed at an essential component to a tracking line."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "app".

"I've really been enjoying the game. It doesn't require so much constant attention like some other online games and it feels like the events occur often enough to keep me engaged when I hit a wall in improving. I love seeing all my favorite characters and reliving moments from the comic. The costumes are cute too! Though I don't pay any money into the game and there are definitely walls, I still find I can enjoy the game."
	should have been categorized as "contents", "GUI", or "pricing" but was categorized as "app".

"Fun game without any pay walls (technically) however, there are many opportunities to spend money to gain advantages over f2p players. You can have a great time without ever spending money, however, those who do choose to spend will progress significantly faster than those who don't. Some games only let you do a few races before having to wait to play another. This game will let you play nonstop. There is a fuel system that takes time to restore, but its on a per car basis, so just switch cars."
	should have been categorized as "pricing" or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "security".

"Really fun game, have been playing it for a while now. I find it very hard to find games that I don't lose interest in. This one has lots of different things to do to stay interested. Heaps of ways to earn points/lives/coins etc. Love it!"
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "app".

"Very addicting, some games like this reach a threshold where you can only play a tiny amount per several hours or spend cash, but this one I've still been able to spend as much time as I want filling orders and upgrading my town. It's refreshing. And there's new ways to play almost every day. Definitely worth a try if you like farming/base building style games!"
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "model".

"I'm really liking this game. It's a great reminder that you need certain items in order to do things. For instance, you need to plant seeds & harvest wheat so that workers can make bread. I love keeping up with what I need in order to fill orders. I really love the chickens & how they prompt me to collect their eggs. The sheep are so cute too! I need to keep them fed so they don't shiver."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "GUI" but was categorized as "improvement".

"It's so enjoyable. I really like that I can leave it for couples of days or weeks without anything happened to my plants and animals. I also like that developer shorten the waiting time for each event games. Thank you and more power!"
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "updates/versions" but was categorized as "resources".

"Love this game! No need to spend money if you don't want too and don't have to have friends to keep giving you lives for the main game. You can play this non stop pretty much and will keep making things and growing crops while you sleep. Races against friends and can set up your own Co-Op with 30 members after stage 19."
	should have been categorized as "pricing" or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "improvement".

"This is my favorite game. I have been playing daily for over a year. So much to do. Team regattas, Trains, planes, boats, helicopters, and zoo orders to fill. Farming and manufacturing, mining, decorating. Adventures that take energy refilled by time and winning challenging matching games. Always growing your town by building and populating it. The graphics are cute and dynamic. You even get to name animals in the zoo. There are reward chests and game money to be won. NO ADS!"
	should have been categorized as "contents", "GUI", or "pricing" but was categorized as "app".

"I just love this game. Started playing it 4 years ago. Then I do not know why I took a gap of 2 years. But, when I came again, I again got addicted to it. This game is casual, easy to play, the colour scheme (Red & Green) is good. The way you level up is statisfying. This game is a good time-passer. You could play it for hours and not get bored. How you mainly level up and the main thing to do is complete helicopter orders and filling trains and aeroplane crates. This game is a must"
	should have been categorized as "GUI" or "contents" but was categorized as "app".

"I found this game through a pay-for-play app. It quickly grew on me because of its conciseness and creativity, the whimsical designs, and its general set-up. There is a nice time spacing built into the game, so that one does not fall into a 24h play frenzy. it is just the right game to kick back and dream. thank you!"
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "resources".

"I just enjoy this game! Last year I had surgery but they didn't do the nerve blocker well so I could feel the pain the minute I woke up BUT when I couldn't sleep cause it hurt, I played this game to distract me. Got very far in it, developed my town a lot, and had fun without being aware of my knee. So thanks game developers, you're more effective than the opiods I was prescribed for pain."
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"I enjoy not having to wait for energy to build up to move around and play in my town. most games you start with energy that you quickly burn through and then you wait all day for your energy to build back up! this game I don't bother with that!!"
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "model".

"Fun to play. Easy to understand and a nice level of challenge and engagement without significant pay wall. Good animations!"
	should have been categorized as "pricing", "GUI", or "contents" but was categorized as "company".

"Can't stop playing! The farm animals get fed relatively quickly, and the train is amazing at getting you the otherwise hard to get build materials."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "GUI".

"So I've been playing this game for a few months now. I'm a regular, so I really enjoy watching everything coming into full bloom, sending things off, and watching my town grow."
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "app".

"This game is so wholesome and enjoyable! I usually play more fast-paced shooter games, but sometimes I feel the need to calm down and relax... this seems to do just that. With that being said, I'm a proud player of this game. Thnx to the developers for making such a chill and relaxing game :)"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "contents".

"It was the best game ever downloaded at first it is not so interesting but later when l leveled up found it so intersting and I feel no problem with it. I love this game. For me it deserve five star"
	should have been categorized as "contents" or "app" but was categorized as "resources".

"Just downloaded it today but it seems like a really cute little game. The town is charming and i love the idea of building up a small town or community. I personally feel that this is a great thing to know, even if it does feel a bit childish but regardless the game is cute and entertaining"
	should have been categorized as "GUI" or "app" but was categorized as "resources".

"Amazing I can plan my family and I like on every single level can unlock new things which makes it so much more fun to see new things"
	should have been categorized as "contents" or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "resources".

"The game is very interesting. I keep downloading it when i change phones. People shouldn't complain about passing a level because that's where the fun is. I've had to play a level more than 10 times before getting it but persistence made me pass the stage and i felt joy knowing i finally did it. It's a game that exercises you mentally and i recommend it to everyone both young and old"
	should have been categorized as "model" or "contents" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"5 out of 5. The gameplay was nice and for some reason I really liked how the character waved and talked to me even if it is just NPCs, and I love to design it and collect coins. I enjoy the puzzle because it reminds me of candy crush, If you like designing and Pretty simple puzzles, this is the game for you :)"
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "GUI".

"the best experience in all platforms i support their content"
	should have been categorized as "model" but was categorized as "company".

"The app is slick, and works seamlessly. Finally LinkedIn has a native windows app!"
	should have been categorized as "model" or "app" but was categorized as "contents".

"Very Fun! There's lots to do, an amazing storyline, and beautiful graphics. The only minor bad thing I can say about this game is that it can be kind of grindy sometimes... but that's just because I hadn't been taking the necessary steps before that point, so here's some tips. Upgrade your cookie houses early! Once you get to a high enough level, leveling up will require lots of xp, so it's best to start preparing for it before you get to that point."
	should have been categorized as "contents", "GUI", or "app" but was categorized as "security".

"I really like this game. It kinda reminds me of one of the game variations of Super Breakout. It feels really satisfying to break the blocks with a long string of the bouncy balls."
	should have been categorized as "app" or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "model".

"Great challenges and ideal to pass the time while waiting at appointments to be called in, etc. Good options to play the classic style and easy enough to achieve gems if you want the extra challenge."
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "improvement".

"Downloaded this to get points on another one. I like this version of this type of game. I just installed it and I'm on level like 30 or something. Smooth & fast compared to other versions. There's a cursor at the bottom for more precise shoots. Graphics are nice, sounds are cool. No ads, so far, unless you watch for points/gems. I'd recommend this one."
	should have been categorized as "app", "GUI", or "contents" but was categorized as "pricing".

"Liked it very much. Its a wonderful game. Put your minds off from the hard days work and any other stress. I give 5*. Tnx"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "GUI".

"One of the best, great strategic brick brake game. I love this one! It is better than a lot of the others and new levels of extreme difficulty are introduced every month or two. This is my ideal time killer when out somewhere waiting for something. I've been loving what Mobirix is doing with their vast range of simple but progressively arduous game catalog of titles dating back to the 90's with a cutting edge twist."
	should have been categorized as "company" or "app" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"Keeps the mind Sharp very good for pool table players (Angles) it's All about Angles and keeping count mathematics! Greatgame"
	should have been categorized as "contents" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"Good game, I really like it"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "resources".

"This game is magnificent, awesome. I have been playing for 3 yrs now and no issues. You can also make real friends from the association group"
	should have been categorized as "feature/functionality" or "app" but was categorized as "company".

"Good game Good strategy good looking thank you all Nice game"
	should have been categorized as "GUI" or "app" but was categorized as "contents".

"8 months/seasons in and still hooked. Good balance, something to play a few times a day but doesnt take over! 10/10"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "security".

"Great game indeed. The BEST managerial platform out there. No doubt."
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"so far so good, I'm enjoying my experience. im level 4 and have 3 leagues,I'm now focusing on winning the champion league and cup for next season"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "resources".

"great game very interactive"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "contents".

"Great game, have to give it 5 stars."
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "security".

"Good game for anyone who love challenges. Improved fairness in the competition"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "contents".

"If you commit yourself and play for at least 20 mins a day you'll get your rewards. Don't give up!!! Go For it!..."
	should have been categorized as "app" or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "security".

"Brilliant fun game, very competitive with global players, superb matchplay and graphics. Great team goals too"
	should have been categorized as "GUI", "contents", or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "model".

"Haven't played in a while"
	should have been categorized as "app" but was categorized as "security".

"I love this game and dragons . The dragons looks so pretty and specially LMT dragons are so beautiful . I LOVE this game because of weekly and monthly new events . The game is so attractive."
	should have been categorized as "GUI" or "contents" but was categorized as "resources".

"Because this game is very nice. And it has good graphics as compared to Dragon city."
	should have been categorized as "GUI" but was categorized as "contents".

"I haven't gotten hooked on a mobile game for a couple years it feels like. Not sure why but Botworld has definitely changed that. I can't stop! It has just enough loot grinding to make me want to keep playing but not so much that it's tedious. There's a ton of strategy in how you use your bots so it'll keep you trying to improve. And There's an auto battle mode so you can still progress in this time when you can't really focus 100%, like when you should be working ;)"
	should have been categorized as "contents" or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "resources".

"Really awesome game! It's a wonder it's free! I put some money in it but only because I wanted to support the developers, it's totally free to play though and you can be great at the game playing that way too. You find blueprints around an open world and build robots (from scrap you find around said open world) and battle NPCs and other real players. There's a story and daily quests and somewhat of a battle pass like system as well. Super fun game! Definitely give it a try."
	should have been categorized as "pricing", "contents", or "feature/functionality" but was categorized as "company".

"Great game, I've been playing non-stop since getting it. I spent money to get the pass, but it doesn't seem like you need to spend anything to progress. If you're like me (fulltime job, family responsibilities, etc.) the ad removal for $6 is totally worth saving time. Combat is automatic, you only control your powers and where you place your bots. But this still offers plenty of strategy. They only give you 500 characters for these reviews, so I'll just say I highly recommend getting this game"
	should have been categorized as "pricing" or "contents" but was categorized as "updates/versions".

"Tons of content! The whole game is free to play, but there is a season pass system that requires buy-in for extra rewards. Nevertheless, there are still plenty of choices for team building, even for free players. There are a multitude of energy systems here, but there is always something to do. Combat is deep but not too complicated. Plus, very cute animals."
	should have been categorized as "contents" or "pricing" but was categorized as "GUI".

