Solid game. No ads which is a breath of fresh air and the game play is simple but can be engaging If you want to learn about the different character types instead of auto selecting. Biggest issue would probably be the progression speed. It's a little slow for me but good when you have time to kill. The in app purchases aren't horrible. I have yet to spend any money and I have more gems then I know what to do with just from casual progression.
Game is fun, I like collecting and powering up my favorite characters from the webtoon. I've been playing 100% free and it's worth the download. Only reasons for 4/5 are the game can hit stagnation points in progression, and you're inundated with paid offers on the home screen even when you've been just switching menus, also some of these things are insanely expensive. Things in the $30+ range for 20 pulls and a guaranteed 5+ star hero. And that's a moderate microtransaction. Some are $75.
Overall a good experience for people who like Tower of God, but there are times where the input delay is upwards of 4 or 5 seconds after pressing a button before the game responds. Some examples would be leveling shinsu links, pressing the start button for stages, navigating menus, etc. Unsure if it's related to user volume or optimization issues, but this has easily been the biggest pain point from a user experience perspective. Summon rates could be buffed a little bit too :)
Solid! Still in the earlyish phase, as there's currently 81 characters. But they're releasing 2-3 new ones each month so it's exciting. Pros: constantly updating, no ads, no pay to win necessary, and engaging story events Cons: down for maintenance every few weeks, a 3.5gb game that's only growing, the price of buying items with money is brokenly expesive, and advancing can stagnate sometimes. Not enough grinding options yet, leaving you forced to wait it out.
The game moves too slow, both from screen to screen and while in battle. I find myself wishing it would move along faster. I think that the game would benefit to have a button that you can maybe press and hold to engage 4x speed up of the game to get through slow, monotonous areas where you easily beat levels. It can be very time-consuming and boring to wait to get through what you know you can win. Or maybe just press once to advance to the final outcome.
I wish the game had more replayable levels to kill time and gain small rewards because when you hit a wall and can't progress there is literally nothing to do if you're stuck. You are forced to go afk and wait for the idle rewards to accumulate. I wish the story was separate, not locked to adventure progress. A mode that is repeatable without waiting for a refresh. I wish the opening video when you first start the game is replayable or rewatchable in the game somewhere. I enjoyed it a lot.
The game itself is gorgeous, and there's a variety of things to do every day (for daily content). The only gameplay drawback I have encountered is that if you're stuck on a certain level for the adventure mode and chaos trial, there's just about nothing left to do but get off the game and wait until your loot fills up or the daily reset happens. It'd be great to have a replayable stage or something else that can be actively grinded for small rewards so I have a reason to stay on the game.
Love the game. Only thing is you cannot make it far without paying realworld money to upgrade/obtain vehicles to continue in career mode. They have made some changes and I like them. Please continue the ad powered blueprint option. It works. The game has gotten much better. It still takes a while to progress in career mode. But it's doable. Season pass cars should be of higher class in my opinion. But overall great game.
Great arcade style racing game, but they are making you watch ads and pay for items to quickly level up your garage. You can still get items by playing. I don't mind making the occasional purchase to support the game, but now it is getting out of hand, along with watching ads. Gameloft should get rid of the ads or get rid of the pay to win model.
It is a very fun and engaging game with great graphics. The only problem is that you need to spend money to progress in the game faster than normal. I like the free blueprint cards with ads and the one that refills every 4 hours or so. I would love to buy the legend pass but I don't see the need to buy something in a video game. Either way, it is a several notches above any other car game I have played before on mobile.
Very fun racing dynamic, but it is hard sometimes to get blueprints for cars. I have several levels I can't beat, but I can't just get the blueprints I need to upgrade them, and I don't want to spend a ton of money on a card pack that doesn't guarantee I'll get what I need/want. Overall though, very fun game. I will say, they should add an update where you can either select and buy specific blueprints, or be able to trade with club members
This game is mind blowing, the graphics are outstanding, the controls are comfortable and the game play is wonderful. However it is very difficult to finish story without being able to start a race with an underpowered car while the choice of cars are very limited, especially for races that require a car that is very hard to get which is to open it's featured pack even though it's not guaranteed to get the blueprint for the required car. Please fix this.
It was a fun experience while it lasted. But few important things are leading to me delete the game. First, progress is next to impossible beyond a point without payment. I can't keep waiting for weeks to unlock a single car. Second, gameplay is repetitive. The same type of races, the same type of objectives, the same type of outcomes. There's a variety in each no doubt but it becomes super boring after a few weeks. Third, too many ads. I know you need to monetize it but it's just too much.
The gameplay is great, good graphics. Ads and tutorials are a little annoying tho. Edit: Well, forgot to mention that grinding for 1 random car is a pain. And please fix this game physics please, especially for super cars, they got some weird physics. edit: I think they should add a story mode that does not affect the career mode, I love the career mode but a story mode will make things interesting. And they fix some physics monstrosity! 5/5
Good game, been enjoying the past few weeks of playing. But the frame rate issue is ruining the immersion for me. Mind you, my phone is perfectly capable of handling genshin at 60fps, so this older and lighter title should have no fps issues, but it does.. and it's bothering me. Please fix it. 3 stars only until you do.
I would go as far as to say this is the best racing game ever. The game feels free unlike other racing games (With touch drive off) because it doesn't make you feel like you're only limited to what section of the road the map includes you can actually bounce off of fences when you land on top of them and interact with the maps elements to win the race. But I wish they added more iconic cars like the Lexus LFA or the original 911
Excellent game with excellent graphics. I was searching for a good car racing game and then thought to download A9. It's really worth it. The multiplayer is good and other game modes like carrier, events etc are also enjoyable. The maps are well designed but I want gameloft to add a different game mode where we can drive in any map with our unlocked cars, basically like a free roam. Although it's not that important as asphalt 9 is an arcade racing game and the controls are also good and easy.
I used to be addicted to this game. But anymore the game crashes erratically. I'm unable to pinpoint specific causes, except that collecting prizes at the end of the Regatta seems to consistently cause crashes. This game used to be fun. Now it is more like a job that I keep doing to help my team members. The crashes come faster after every update. It makes me sad.
The gold ticket events are too close together, it never ends. Regatta rewards weren't new like it said. Being able to get themed welcome signs-- at a reasonable price or earning it was fun. It's all about money now. It costs to build, it costs to play, some people buy their way through everything. They must be rich. There have been some improvements, graphics in particular. I still miss the old zoo tasks. It seems like the zoo has become a dead zone. Nothing new there in years.
Solid 3 stars. I Love this game, but.. The game REALLY STRONGLY encourages you to spend money. You have to solve puzzles to get ahead. In the beginning you had many more easy puzzles than hard ones. Now I will get one or two easy then you get stuck on a hard or insanely difficult one. I got a free hour of play and spent all hour not getting past the one level. You can pay for more lives or more moves, but often that's the only way to get past the levels. I'm about to uninstall. Not fun anymore
The game is fun. I enjoy building my town. But I believe it to be unfair. The amount of storage in the barn is incredibly unreasonable compared to the items required to progress in the game. The train time is ridiculous and doesn't give you enough materials to complete construction of buildings. It's like you don't really have a choice but to spend money. Also, I bought the golden ticket, and after a few days they took the extra barn storage away! I paid for that!
Great casual game. I love the challenge of organising town, construct buildings, completing people's order, or expanding the land. If you can reduce default the timer of all town work little bit in the next version, I would be pleasant for me. I don't have any issues for the main game. The minigame gets tougher at high level, but I just trying again and again until the algorithm changes where the easy pieces comes in and creating power-ups automatically. I want other minigames.
Very fun and I love the layers of the game. I am hoping the developers read reviews and wouldn't mind taking a request. Please fix the game so that the levels of the game are not fixed to force you to not proceed. I even spend more than enough money and the game LOCKS you out of rewards. Please provide more pavement options- texture and color. Please adjust the seafood pizza to look more appetizing. Thank you!
Love the game, but someone decided that putting a tutorial speech bubble over the board (which is currently covering the block that I am being told to join with). Please give an option to minimise the tutorial or close the window altogether? I am literally stuck on that screen and have to come out of the game totally to even get back to the main game. Most frustrating!
I have really enjoyed the game. My 2 suggestions would be the ability to add small houses in addition to the large buildings and more expansions. (I am on level 74). Thank you.
Love this game. I have been playing it for a year and still enjoy playing it every day. There are plenty of opportunities to use real money, but it's balanced with lots of ways to earn in-game cash within the game itself. There are several different components - building your town, producing goods, and the match-3 game adventures - so there's always something to do. I like the balance between challenging puzzles and tasks, and relatively simple ones, and the co-op option is fun and helpful.
Good game and i like it very much but i want to tell something that before this I was rating it a 3 star but with new things to craft makes the game very good. I just wanted a favour that please reduce the time for growing crops and building buildings. It takes A LOT OF TIME if you reduce it just by 2 or 3 hours I will be happy.
I absolutely love this game! The only down part is probably that you have to wait for a while to get some items and buildings. I also wish that you could have a farm/ town with another person, so you can build on the same lot but also have your own farm to build on. I think that would make a BIG! change to this game and everybody would love it! I'LL ALSO LOVE HOW I GET NO ADS! I absolutely love this game and I hope I inspired other people to get it!
I only started playing it for less than an hour, and I already love it! If I had to describe this game, I would describe it like Hay Day, but also focuses on the town than just a farm. Also there was one bug where I had a task to feed chicken. When I pressed the task, I was able to, but the chicken coop wasn't don't building yet. It's just a minor bug I noticed. Other than that, the game is great!
I've been playing this game over 5 years now, off and on. I enjoy playing this peaceful game. I've been in 3 co-ops, the last one, almost 2 years now. It seems the people who have reached high levels 100+ have not been playing the game. My reggata has only seen less than 6 players. We used to be in the top 3 and now we come in 17th at best. The prizes are pitiful at best. I wish the co-op leader could step down and let others take control instead of having to start a new one and try to recruit.
Great game. Great graphics, been playing for almost 8 yes. Only complaint is that within the past year or so, you almost need to spend money to stay competitive. It wasn't like that before.
It's a very interesting game..... Earlier there was that restaurant as part of the town, now it's missing, can you add that which was mind blowing,.. Now they have added a new event culinary adventure it was very interesting. I love that part in this game
I love this game so so much.. I play it every day... one thing that just gets to me sometimes is that you have to wait for a house or a building to finish. And the constant need to update is a headache for real.
Once you reached the point of completing all the community buildings, other apartments, condos and houses. Gotten all 200 zoo animals, What is next??? I have been here playing this game for about 6 years and counting. But it is time for some new additions to the game. And what are the requirements of the walk of fame???
It keeps me entertained. My only issue is I don't like how during the mini games, when you win it goes back to the map which takes a while to load instead of going to the next level. This matters when you have timed bonus. It takes sometimes an entire minute to load the map. If you win 5 levels thats at least 5 minutes taken from your 15 minute bonus. Otherwise the game is decent.
it is a fun an entertaining game, much like the others like it. my big issue is the way it does the materials to upgrade an expand unless you pay real money you are stuck.
This game is awesome a bit like Family Farm I wish it had more activities to win for land and space in the Farm shed. This game is more expensive each week to play Because I'm on a budget I can buy enough each week. So please give more activities to play so it will make cheaper to buy extensions on the land and buy for machine's. And updates for every machine's. I enjoy playing this game.
I love the game and have recommended it to others. You can make your town as unique as you like, have friends and family play along. The only downside I have is when Christmas comes up, I would love to decorate my town with Christmas decorations, so please consider my thoughts.
Great app. Just one thing is missing. It needs DRAFT editing Township like Hey Day game. Decorate Township require much time. So, we can not decorate whole Township at one time. So, if we can save Township as draft it would be good.
The game is not working it the server down and needs better perks and it's expensive when your playing the mini games it needs better rewards for what you pricing is to pay. And takes forever to build.. it's hard to build your garden when it don't give you enough crop space. This app needs work and plz fix servers
Love this game but.... small glitches and the extra puzzles to win extra prizes for your town are impossible to finish. It's sad that it's set up this way.
Yes this game is superb I agree with and I gave also 5 star. But I have one request to minimize the harvesting time, it takes 8hr that's awkward moment. And after completing one session we have only less rupees. thats aslo bad thing give some more money . special request.
I'm beginning to have a problem with the game. It is suddenly begin to cut off on me in the middle of me trying to play it. Sometimes I have to re-collect the daily reward. It is becoming extremely annoying. Tell me if there is a glitch in the game and how I can fix it, please.
Enjoying this game now but, at first it was a tad bit hard to get the just of it. Once I learned the ins and outs it became much more enjoyable. That is why I rated this 5 stars because now it is hard to stop playing.
This game is very amazing. I enjoy good time with this game but by mistake. I delete this this game then I download it again but my all factories, community building are disappear I can make products in them but I can't see them they are working but can't see my factories and community building Plz fix it
I'm NOT liking the other in-game features. They are intrusive. The designer put the other features so close to the touch sensitive main features that I click on them inadvertently so often I just want to throw my phone across the room and watch it smash against the wall
it's a nice different kind of game. highly re commend for all ages. wish I can put on my TV to play.
Graphics are so pretty but there are lots of updates that i don't like..after every 15 days update is there I don't like updating once a month is okay but after every 15. Days
We need bridges as part of roads. Leveling the river to cross over is not a bright idea. Bridges will make it cool to look at.
It is nice game. But at first few levels you may feel boring but when it comes to higher level it is interesting. I have a request to the developer's please reduce the waiting time of egg and milk production and also products and make more easy ways to earn cash.
Love the game the only issue I have is there is no confirmation to cancel orders or spend bucks etc... like speed ups and such. I have lost countless amounts due to finger slips and it's super annoying. And you can't cancel making an item. If it's in queue it should be able to stop it and get back items but there is no way to. Other than that this game is great.
I like the game however it's calling for an update but it won't update... keeps spinning.. I don't want to stop playing cause it won't update
I love the game itself. The mini puzzle games are frustrating. I feel like you get to a certain point and the algorithm makes it so you have to spend cash to go further and it's frustrating. I've sat on a level for 2 days and the minute I spend twp cash to play I beat it. Also there's not enough power ups offered.
It's a Good Game need Helps tutorial. Lots things are there in the game. Need tutorial. Like In regatta there is a option called - Combo Task, but I am unable to understand how to select combopack. You should have help tutorial. Bank money is very hard to earn. Some time it's by mistake click on buy goods at the times of loading goods at Train/Plane. So there should be some confirmation button before spending for such buy. Please work on that. I have lose lots of money which was not needed
I love this game but I am so upset!!!!! After this update I can't get into the mine, my ships or the machine to make ore it keeps saying it's updating but it's been like that for a couple of days! I have been a player for five years and I don't want to stop playing... Well what ever update was recently done screwed my game up again!!! Can't get into anything!
Dear developers, i ve been playing for 4 years and always love this game, im just asking if only the game have a feature option to disabling animation on game. This will so helpful for limiting background process on phone and could help entry and mid range phone users to experience more smooth gameplay and avoid overheating when using on long perido of time, wish the best for team.
I would like to give a better review, but, like many others here, there are levels that are designed solely to make you spend money. I know the stock answer of every level can be beat...blah, blah, blah. No. Congratulations, you designed a hard level. I play these games for relaxation, not frustration. I get enough frustration in everything else in my life. I will not spend real money. Give an option to skip a level. Seriously, if you lose 100 times, you unlock a pass
I really wanted it to be good because the concept is so fun and it used to be so rewarding. Now there are challenge levels that are ridiculously hard even very very early in the game that are LITERALLY impossible without power ups or incredible luck. It just makes it disappointing, frustrating, and annoying to play and not worth the time even though it could be fun! Glad to see other people have the same problems and it's not just me being bad at the game lol.
What should have been a casual match-3 game (which, yes, does have the advertised slider puzzles, one about every 8-10 levels) has been overcomplicated with so many extra mechanics that you have two options to advance. Be lucky enough to be able to match 6 or more on every move, or shell out enough cash to buy powerups. This isn't casual, it's frustrating and disappointing.
Terrible. I've been playing this game for a long time and I really enjoyed it, but something changed recently. I've started noticing that after the last update, there have been alot of glitches that prevent you from winning a level. For example, I'm currently on level 11,366 (yes, I've been playing that long). I needed to clear one square to reveal a garden gnome and complete the level. I hit that square 6 times and it never removed the grass to reveal the gnome.
An interesting game. good enough to while away time. I never get tired of playing it. my only complain is that they should enable players to buy at least two extra attempts at 500 gold coins, as you may just need a move or two extra moves to complete a level....and most times, one may not have up to 900 gold coins. it would be nice if they can allow just two extra attempts too. just a suggestion. thank you.
The game is very enjoyable game to play the only thing I don't like is the extra bonus level the we a force to play. We either lose a life or lose the power ups. There should be gone out of the game or have a choice of not playing.
Its a really nice game but my issue is that, it does not allow for continuity after changing phones. If a player links his/her facebook account to it, they should be able to continue where they stop on another phone rather than starting all over again. Its really exhausting.
I've been playing this game many years and i love it. But got a problem, i purchase coins from safe two times but never get the coins and my account is charged. I try many thing for refund, help center etc. I don't know what to do anymore, please help.
Great game. I like the variety of challenges, the side stories and no ads. I don't understand why people complain when they can't pass a level. Some levels are hard and take me a couple of days to get through, but if it was all easy or I had a button to skip, where would be the satisfaction to pass a level. I haven't spent a cent on the game and I am around level 2700 in under 3 months. My only negative is that the mini games disappeared after a while. One every 10-20 levels or so would be nice.
My issues with Disney+ was that my account got hacked, the password was changed and I changed it again after realizing it was hacked. However, THE EMAIL WAS CHANGED TOO! WITHOUT ME EVEN KNOWING! How that was possible, I don't know. After calling customer service and being on the phone the first time, we changed the email and password, only to find out by the first not helpful representative, that they don't give the option to sign everyone out even though you are the administrator of the account, so changing everything was pointless. He basically states that the people who hacked the account will still have access even though I changed all of the login information. I was ready to quit the whole Disney+ until I called customer service again the following day and spoke to Shay, her kindness and helpfulness convinced me to stay with Disney+. She revoked the account immediately and then helped me make a new account. One thing that should be added is better security. For someone to take over my account so easily and change the email and password was a horrible experience. Another thing that should be added is being able to log everyone out as an administrator of the account. The app is decent because of the shows it offers, I do not encounter any buffering and so on; however, the security and privacy isn't that great
We have just about every streaming app you can think of, and as much as I want this one to be my favorite, it's definitely the worst and the most unreliable. We use Disney+ every single day since we have Little's that NEED to watch Encanto on a constant loop, however myself and my husband are huge Marvel fans so we use it just as much as the kids do. My kids lost the remote to our TV last week, and I have stripped this house bare trying to find it and can't. So we have been relying on screen mirroring and casting. Disney+ is the only app that we have that refuses to work. When we did have our TV remote and could use Disney+ it would ALWAYS (about every 30 minutes) kick us out and tell us our internet was working. So we would just exit the app and go back in and it would be fine. We just moved into a new home and I was hoping the connection with the app would be better. Nope. It still times out about every 30 minutes and tells us there no internet connection when everything else in our house is working just fine. Basically when this happens you would have to exit the app, then return and if MIGHT start to work. The only reason I haven't deleted this app already is because my daughter HAS to watch Mickey Mouse Clubhouse.
There's an excellent library of content in here. However the constant frequent mandatory required software updates are ridiculous. I've never had an app that mandates a full software update as often as this one. Disney is wasting my time and bandwith. I've been a subscriber since day one of the service and there's been over 15 mandatory updates in 18 months. Also it's very difficult to see my own selection of my titles that I've saved in my favorites because Disney chooses to only let us see its graphical icons of some movie poster rather than just presenting it in text. Also, I add movies to my favorites list and Disney remove them whenever they want. It's my list of my favorites, but whenever Disney take something out of its library even temporarily remove my favorites from my list. That's just horrible customer service and their idiot buyers who make decisions on what movies to add and delete should look at their users favorites list first and not screw over their customers. How about Letting users sort their own favorites list alphabetically or by category or by date of release of the movie. Instead Disney only lets us see the list using it's ridiculous movie poster blockbuster VCR tape icons that are hard to see and often have dark lettering on dark backgrounds.
When are we gonna get auto scroll? The only thing that would make the app worth it over just using your browser.
Hurry update the photos.
I downloaded this app but the app is not opening.
iyt installed on my microsoft pro out of no where! without any permission! and I cannot uninstall it either!!!...
You cannot upload from this app. It directs you to the website in your browser. There you have none of the tools on TikTok that you have on the mobile, but you can schedule a video only from website. This mix and match is ridiculous
I like to post videos and Stream on there with my PC I do hope in the app will come to Play Station 5 and Xbox so I can Stream game from there the easy way so you don't have to do so many work arounds to do it all from a pc is bad performance with the hole code and lag.
This is not a windows native app. Whenever I open this app lot of Microsoft edge webview tasks running in the background. waste of memory. just use the LinkedIn website
Worked for about two minutes then gave me a blank off-white screen and would never recover. I only installed the app because the web version causes my computer to run so slowly I can't stand it anymore. Clearly something is wrong, most likely in the LI infrastructure. I'm accessing from Portugal if that makes any difference.
Very easy to play. Reasonable amount of ads. No crashes. I'd recommend this if you were looking for a nice, relaxing game to unwind at the end of a long day. Good job, developers! Update: so I've been playing this game for a few months and I've noticed that it crashes A LOT. Worse, when it crashes, you lose your daily mission. So I'm going to take away one star. Guys, you need to fix the stablity -- or at least not deprive players of the daily when it does crash.
This is really less a game than it is a vehicle for ads for other games. Horrifying amount of unavoidable ads, unless you pay up, of course. Was fun for awhile but hard levels aren't fun and challenging, hard levels are rigged to lose multiple multiple times before allowing you opportunities for play. Not any different than other games wanting you to buy power ups, but combined with the ads, it's a pretty reckless amount of greed, and I'm not buying.
I enjoy this game however it frustrates me that it tells me there are no videos available so that I can get additional coins and then when I say OK and leave that spot it immediately shows me a video before I can play again. Either it has the video or it doesn't, all it's doing is creating frustration and annoyance to the app. They really need to fix that bug.
Pretty good game, though it really strays into pay-to-win territory in higher levels. Too many cases after a while where you just have to be extremely lucky to get the pieces you need to beat the level - even spending all your power-ups can't beat a lot of these levels, so you'd end up spending your coins on a very small number of extra moves. Also, title is very misleading - there are no empires or champions in this game.
The game itself is good. It's enjoyable, it's not overly difficult. However the amount of ads is just ridiculous. There's always a banner ad at the bottom, and between every round I've played so far I've had to deal with at least two ads back-to-back. I turn my data off when I'm out of the house and that's the only way I can avoid this many ads, but as soon as I turn my data back on while I'm playing, it'll make me watch 3+ ads. Ridiculous.
Cute and engrossing game with a lot to do but after getting to level 25 it crashed all the time. I didn't know all it needed was an update. It would be nice if each new island didn't require downloading more data files which is what causes the game to start crashing. This makes it annoying but I will keep playing because it is a challenging and fun game and the magical theme is super adorable.
False advertising! I'm a big fan of puzzle games and when I saw the ad (and this game info) for a simple interlocking puzzle game, I was intrigued. The game takes a while to load and this is not interlocking rings. It's a whole dragon adventure and the game I was looking for is just a mini game that you can rarely access and only for the first few levels of your characters. This game itself isn't terrible, and has its own merit, no need for false advertising.
So, I actually really like this game but have 2 major problems with it. 1. I don't know how many ads I've watched where I do not get the reward advertised. Tried to put in a support ticket only to be told it was my fault. 2. None of the timed maps are winnable w/o paying. I paid over $30 during the event but it still wasn't enough. Now I can't even put in a new support request. The functionality is broken.
I adore the game, but will likely delete it. It takes hundreds of energy points to complete a task and your reward, energy points, are not even a tenth of what you had to spend to complete the quest. When you let the game rest to build up energy points for hours and then get less than two minutes of actual play time because.... Your out of energy again.
Probably won't keep playing. Cost too much to finish challenges. Or you simply don't finish them. The ring turn mini game they advertise with lasts such a short time is negligible. One time when you begin and 2 weeks in, I've seen it one other time. It uses a lot of battery and memory.
Constantly freezing up and then booting me off. I've spent too much money on this game. Your not fixing the bugs in this game and not taking issues seriously as far as if there is too much going on in the adventure it freezes. I can't stress enough this issue happens Esp now with almost Everything you do on the game. Don't tell me to update again. It's not even been 3 days since the last update again. Did Not Fix anything!
Majestic designs, especially the costumes you can get for the cookies, and it gets extremely addicting, the addiction dies down and comes back. But, anyway, very cute and easy to understand game. There isn't much of an objective, and there's loads of things to do. But, after a while it starts to crash and lag an unbelievable amount, and the shop items are WAYYY overpriced.
I've always had an issue with this game, between the constant 'Hey buy this!' Shoved in your face, and then the issues with finding something to do most of the time. I don't normally mind a story grind, but the least you can do is have an autobattle to just go through the story until you can't anymore. This game is cutesy, lots of fun, until it becomes a grind and a drag in turn.
I love this game. It has beautiful character designs, aesthetically pleasing voicelines for characters, and really nice battling. But my main issue is that it crashes A LOT. Especially on ios devices. I've been experiencing the crashes since last year, to come back to the game just for it to crash again. I can't do anything in the game without it crashing.
I love this game so much! I never run out of things to do, and it's so fun to get new characters and progress in the story! My only complaints would be that the game crashes when switching to things like the guild, arena, bounties or world exploration. It may be my specific phone, but it's irritating when it crashes, especially since the loading screen takes a bit to load. Otherwise great game! Very tempting/easy to spend money on, so be careful of that
Overall an awesome game! There are purchases but you don't actually HAVE to purchase stuff to succeed at the game. Which is nice because a lot of games that are free to play will make it so difficult to succeed without paying that you have to. I will say the ad update is awful. The option to watch an ad to receive extra items always makes you watch the ad THEN backs you out of the game, meaning you have to reopen the game, and when you open jt again, it doesn't register you ever watched the ad.
I thoroughly enjoyed the game's art, which was visually stunning and immersive. The attention to detail in the graphics was impressive, and it added to the overall enjoyment of the game. The story was captivating and kept me engaged throughout my gameplay. The voice over work was top-notch, with talented actors bringing the characters to life.However, I was disappointed by the false advertisement that initially attracted me to the game. It led to a sense of letdown and made me question the game
Started off pretty good, but then I sat the phone down and went to bed. Came back to Charlie foxtrot. Game is completely locked up and unplayable. In looking for a solution I found that it was a known bug, common occurrence with no real solution. A few tentative ones, but they all failed. Cherry on top was the way the game crashed when trying to fill out a bug report...twice in a row. Maybe an okay game someday, but right now a waste of storage space.
I played this game for years, love it as a stress relief, and at level 1854, so I play a bit. I've noticed lately more ads and much longer ones. Worse part, they are the same over and over. I've been looking, but I can't find an ad free version. I'm willing to pay, but the ads are adding stress to my stress reducing game.
I've played to level 224. The line showing where the balls should go is not accurate. I've tested it again and again. I have to adjust for the inaccuracies. In the end, I'll look for another similar game that's accurate. Bubble Witch is accurate, as an example. That means whoever created this app has failed at an essential component to a tracking line.
Monotonous. Doesn't really challenge you. Hours of the same thing over and over. Also ad's play between every level and menu change. I was interested in one of the ads and clicked on it. It was a scam for a laser that cleaned rust. Obviously the developer is only interested in advertising dollars since they don't screen out deceptive ads. Also very annoying that there is sound on the ads when it is off in the game.
