I have really enjoyed the game. My 2 suggestions would be the ability to add small houses in addition to the large buildings and more expansions. (I am on level 74). Thank you.
Yes this game is superb I agree with and I gave also 5 star. But I have one request to minimize the harvesting time, it takes 8hr that's awkward moment. And after completing one session we have only less rupees. thats aslo bad thing give some more money . special request.
Hurry update the photos.
The app wont let me sign in with the browser
I played this game for years, love it as a stress relief, and at level 1854, so I play a bit. I've noticed lately more ads and much longer ones. Worse part, they are the same over and over. I've been looking, but I can't find an ad free version. I'm willing to pay, but the ads are adding stress to my stress reducing game.
I simply love this game. I love the town I built. I love the story that each neighborhood is telling. I love the challenges and find myself engrossed that it's the next day, and I've been up all night. My mind is always being changed!
So I've been playing this game for a few months now. I'm a regular, so I really enjoy watching everything coming into full bloom, sending things off, and watching my town grow.
Amazing I can plan my family and I like on every single level can unlock new things which makes it so much more fun to see new things
the best experience in all platforms i support their content
The app is slick, and works seamlessly. Finally LinkedIn has a native windows app!
Fun way to pass the time when you're relaxing. Not that many ads.
So satisfying! Love playing this on my OnePlus 11! For me this never gets old. I don't mind sitting on hold, waiting in line or boiling water when I have this installed.
Very good time waster with few ads.
Keeps the mind Sharp very good for pool table players (Angles) it's All about Angles and keeping count mathematics! Greatgame
Best ever with WiFi ads gives u point's
Good game, I really like it
I am playing the game since the begining and i still enjoy it like on the first day!!
Great game indeed. The BEST managerial platform out there. No doubt.
the best Manager games out there, if not the best. Keep it up guys. I love it...
Great game, have to give it 5 stars.
Good game for anyone who love challenges. Improved fairness in the competition
If you commit yourself and play for at least 20 mins a day you'll get your rewards. Don't give up!!! Go For it!...
Haven't played in a while
Because this game is very nice. And it's hane good graffic as compared to Dragon city.
Used to play this back when I was a kid, came back half a decade later. Still the best breeding game out there
