I've really been enjoying the game. It doesn't require so much constant attention like some other online games and it feels like the events occur often enough to keep me engaged when I hit a wall in improving. I love seeing all my favorite characters and reliving moments from the comic. The costumes are cute too! Though I don't pay any money into the game and there are definitely whales, I still find I can enjoy the game.
I love having animations and voices to the story. That's very well done (though some voices aren't what I expected). But the gameplay is meh, in that there really isn't any. It's a standard auto battler. While they've made some great improvements, like upgrading slots instead of characters, duplicates are still a ton of the power in the game, so you'll rely mostly on who you draw a bunch of. This is made worse because of having to play around elements. Rates are at least decent though.
I've been playing this game for years now. It's my favorite game EVER. There is always some side story line going on and the challenges and Regattas are super fun and keep things interesting. Also, you do spend money on this game (you don't have too) If you don't it just takes longer to do things. I spent a lot of money on this game, which I don't mind. The video showing this game isn't how it actually is which most game manufacturers show some random video clip lmao. Anyways, BEST GAME EVER.
It's so enjoyable. I really like that I can leave it for couples of days or weeks without anything happened to my plants and animals. I also like that developer shorten the waiting time for each event games. Thank you and more power!
Love this game! No need to spend money if you don't want too and don't have to have friends to keep giving you lives for the main game. You can play this non stop pretty much and will keep making things and growing crops while you sleep. Races against friends and can set up your own Co-Op with 30 members after stage 19.
This is my favorite game. I have been playing daily for over a year. So much to do. Team regattas, Trains, planes, boats, helicopters, and zoo orders to fill. Farming and manufacturing, mining, decorating. Adventures that take energy refilled by time and winning challenging matching games. Always growing your town by building and populating it. The graphics are cute and dynamic. You even get to name animals in the zoo. There are reward chests and game money to be won. NO ADS!
I just love this game. Started playing it 4 years ago. Then I do not know why I took a gap of 2 years. But, when I came again, I again got addicted to it. This game is casual, easy to play, the colour scheme (Red & Green) is good. The way you level up is statisfying. This game is a good time-passer. You could play it for hours and not get bored. How you mainly level up and the main thing to do is complete helicopter orders and filling trains and aeroplane crates. This game is a must
I just enjoy this game! Last year I had surgery but they didn't do the nerve blocker well so I could feel the pain the minute I woke up BUT when I couldn't sleep cause it hurt, I played this game to distract me. Got very far in it, developed my town a lot, and had fun without being aware of my knee. So thanks game developers, you're more effective than the opiods I was prescribed for pain.
Great game and no ads!!! A great time waster. Play at your own speed. If you're patient, things advance nicely. You don't need to spend actual money to advance in the game; it just takes longer. Side puzzles are fun as well.
I enjoy not having to wait for energy to build up to move around and play in my town. most games you start with energy that you quickly burn through and then you wait all day for your energy to build back up! this game I don't bother with that!!
Still my go to game, still fun, every update is something new and exciting, always celebrating holidays which makes this game more fun. I also met a lot of ppl from different parts of the world who also have Townships of their own. Plus, there's always side games to add more adventure to Township without downloading a game like it. Great game
I simply love this game. I love the town I built. I love the story that each neighborhood is telling. I love the challenges and find myself engrossed that it's the next day, and I've been up all night. My mind is always being changed!
One of the better games on the Tapjoy offer wall. It doesn't have an ad any time you do anything, and it doesn't require you to be on it 24/7. Simple design and very engaging.
Can't stop playing! The farm animals get fed relatively quickly, and the train is amazing at getting you the otherwise hard to get build materials.
So I've been playing this game for a few months now. I'm a regular, so I really enjoy watching everything coming into full bloom, sending things off, and watching my town grow.
This game is so wholesome and enjoyable! I usually play more fast-paced shooter games, but sometimes I feel the need to calm down and relax... this seems to do just that. With that being said, I'm a proud player of this game. Thnx to the developers for making such a chill and relaxing game :)
The game is very intersting. I keep downloading it when i change phones. Peiple shouldn't complain about passing a level because that's where the fun is. I've had to play a level more than 10 times before getting it but persistence made me pass the stage and i felt joy knowing i finally did it. It's a game that exersises you mentally and i recommend it to everyone both young and old
It's RARE that I play any sort of video game, and let's be honest, most are really a horrible waste of time! But this game appeared in my phone after a normal update. Just before I went to uninstall it, I decided to give it a chance and try it. I was surprised to discover that it was actually quite fun! Despite becoming totally engaged in it, I could also easily stop. It's a cute, satisfying little game for anybody who enjoys the theme of renovations.
5 out of 5. The gameplay was nice and for some reason I really liked how the character waved and talked to me even if it is just NPCs, and I love to design it and collect coins. I enjoy the puzzle because it reminds me of candy crush, If you like designing and Pretty simple puzzles, this is the game for you :)
The app is slick, and works seamlessly. Finally LinkedIn has a native windows app!
I dont typically review games. But if you want a game that you can get on and play for awhile straight or just get on for a few minutes this is great! I'm a hairstylist and i'm always sttuggling to find a simple game I can play during small breaks and long breaks but never have to switch my game. And this one is it. They give you so many power ups and I think almost every time I get on I have an hour of unlimited lives! Just dowload it! Oh and did I mention NO ANNOYING ADS!
Very Fun! There's lots to do, an amazing storyline, and beautiful graphics. The only minor bad thing I can say about this game is that it can be kind of grindy sometimes... but that's just because I hadn't been taking the necessary steps before that point, so here's some tips. Upgrade your cookie houses early! Once you get to a high enough level, leveling up will require lots of xp, so it's best to start preparing for it before you get to that point.
It's not a fancy game, but it's one of my go-to time-killers. Yes, there are ads after every level, but the levels take long enough that I don't mind. Some reviewers have said the ball movements are unpredictable, but I don't find that to be the case - it's sometimes hard to fine-tune where you want it to go, depending on the shape of the blocks (square or cut in half diagonally), where you hit a block, and whether there are additional items in the field (a little diamond-shaped thing makes the balls bounce unpredictably off its faceted top). I like these and plan strategy accordingly. There aren't any nauseatingly adorable little dragons or elves, no cutesy soundtrack, no side-games that I've seen - just a straightforward strategy puzzle.
What's not to love? It's both an easy & increasingly challenging game. You can earn/buy things to help you win, there are different skins, & the games last approx 10-15 minutes. The ads are tolerable at 5-30 second long. I'm addicted to this game; it's my favorite toilet time activity!
Downloaded this to get points on another one. I like this version of this type of game. I just installed it and I'm on level like 30 or something. Smooth & fast compared to other versions. There's a cursor at the bottom for more precise shoots. Graphics r nice, sounds are cool. No ads, so far, unless you watch for points/gems. I'd recommend this one.
So satisfying! Love playing this on my OnePlus 11! For me this never gets old. I don't mind sitting on hold, waiting in line or boiling water when I have this installed.
S/O to this lovely game app that has managed to survive several factory resets and changes of phone; still has all of my info. 500+ levels in and still plenty of play left in it.
Liked it very much. Its a wonderful game. Put your minds off from the hard days work and any other stress. I give 5*. Tnx
One of the best, great strategic brick brake game. I love this one! It is better than a lot of the others and new levels of extreme difficulty are introduced every month or two. This is my ideal time killer when out somewhere waiting for something. I've been loving what Mobirix is doing with their vast range of simple but progressively arduous game catalog of titles dating back to the 90's with a cutting edge twist.
Love this game. I see people complaining about the ads, but I really haven't experienced this. I know an ad pops up each time you lose a level and have to restart, but if you're smart, you can avoid actually losing any level. I'm not going to divulge this trick since it would interfere with their ability to make money, but come on people. Even if you do have to watch an ad between attempts or levels, it's a free game with THOUSANDS of free levels. Calm down.
Amazing! Not only is it fun, they do adds right!!! Most phone games nowadays have so many ads that there is a way more ad time than there is game time which makes most people uninstall after a while. There are ads, but it's just the occasional ones on the way top of your screen so you don't accidentally click one! And barely see them! Bravo!!!
A delightful surprise! I downloaded this game to obtain points in another app, but imagine my surprise when I find this lovely game! It has one little ad at the top but aside from that, no ads!! You can actually play the game quite comfortably! it's basically 99% gameplay!! What a treat! It has lots of levels and it's rather fun! I'm definitely keeping this game downloaded!
This game is seriously so much fun. The ads sty at the top and do not interfere with the game! There's also none of those annoying ads in between levels! Honestly, download it. You won't regret it. I really love that the colors change as you get the blocks hit. Great work y'all!
This game is FUN. I love the fact there are no ads unless you choose to get power ups.
Fun game! Very dependent on ads/purchases, but overall a good experience. At least there exist ways to succeed without p2w, so that's good. I like how the challenge level increases the longer you play, and the game has all sorts of hidden opportunities that you can use to maximize your chances. I also like how they continue to improve in game events, like rebounds and keeper coming off his line.
8 months/seasons in and still hooked. Good balance, something to play a few times a day but doesnt take over! 10/10
so far so good, I'm enjoying my experience. im level 4 and have 3 leagues,I'm now focusing on winning the champion league and cup for next season
Great game!!!! The customer support is there for you when you need them, everything is proportionate to your level, so its just as difficult to get certain things at a level 10 as a level 50. I recommend this game to anyone that wants something cool and fun to play, without the worry of being attacked by everyone and losing progress. Noone trash talks, and everything is very stressless.
This game is so cool that I never expected I was totally attracted to play this game which I never used so other days now I cannot delete this game this game is become one of my favourite games In this game I have many dragons collection but I still play this game in game new event we're epic and and other event are also epic I love this game Dragon mania legends is going crazy THANK YOU SO MUCH
I love thist game and dragons . The dragons loocks so pretty and specially LMT dragons are so beautiful . I LOVE this game because of weekly and monthly new events . The game is so attractive.
Oh my god this game is amazing i previously played a game called dragon city and i liked the concept so much but the loading screen and ads not to mention their pay to win feature made it miserable this game eliminated all that problems and its gameplay is just second to none . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Really fun! I love the attention to detail in every aspect of this game. Devs are responsive to feedback. I'm progressing nicely - not too fast or slow - sometimes grindy, but that's expected. Got to level 25 & still fun. There's lots that keeps this fresh. I don't feel the ads/$ is burdensome. Made some purchases when I want to rush things, but it's not necessary to pay to progress. Really enjoying this world, thank you! To new players, def recommend checking out the Discord sooner vs later.
I rarely write reviews, so this one is personal. Other people have strongly suggested the game, and I'll add my voice to the choir -- what a well made, non-ad intrusive game. The game has animal crossing style graphics, with an addicting gameplay system that keeps me coming back each day. Best of all, the ads aren't intrusive, and the rewards for money spent is worth it. I've been more willing to spend money on this game because I want to support the good practices made by the company. BRAVO!
Very fun, gamr has the perfect balance between idle and active gameplay. You can choose to play to collect your rewards and do a mission or two, or you can grind out missions and contracts for hours at a time. game is surprisingly difficult and strategic, with loads of bots abilities and gadgets to keep the game entertaining and fresh. There are always things to be working toward, as well as a fun online arena which is also completely optional. the game is great, with many ways to play and enjoy
Great game, I've been playing non-stop since getting it. I spent money to get the pass, but it doesn't seem like you need to spend anything to progress. If you're like me (fulltime job, family responsibilities, etc.) the ad removal for $6 is totally worth saving time. Combat is automatic, you only control your powers and where you place your bots. But this still offers plenty of strategy. They only give you 500 characters for these reviews, so I'll just say I highly recommend getting this game
This is a great moble game! The battle system is fun and unique, the graphics are great, and paying and watching adds just speeds things up a bit... there is nothing you can get through paying that you cant get through normal gameplay which is a nice change of pace. Getting new bots is pretty fun too. You scavenge scrap from the world or beat NPCs in battles to build new bots with certain scraps dropping more frequently depending on how the battle was fought. I love this game, it's worth a try
It's a pretty great little game. It has premium currency, but it's definitely not needed for the full experience! I made a purchase just to show my appreciation to the developers for making a genuinely solid little game! Hopefully we can get some more bots and a little more customization in the future. I'll definitely stick around to see.
It takes a very, very good game for me to take the effort of writing a review. This is one of those games. The amount of time that has gone into this game blows my mind considering it is free. The ads are not pushy whatsoever and completely your choice on whether you watch them or not. The story is fun, upgrading bots is rewarding and doesn't feel grindy, the NPC's are funny and memorable, the daily missions so far have not felt repetitive. There's few cons I would mention but I'm at word limit.
