I wish the game had more replayable levels to kill time and gain small rewards because when you hit a wall and can't progress there is literally nothing to do if you're stuck. You are forced to go afk and wait for the idle rewards to accumulate. I wish the story was separate, not locked to adventure progress. A mode that is repeatable without waiting for a refresh. I wish the opening video when you first start the game is replayable or rewatchable in the game somewhere. I enjoyed it a lot.
The game itself is gorgeous, and there's a variety of things to do every day (for daily content). The only gameplay drawback I have encountered is that if you're stuck on a certain level for the adventure mode and chaos trial, there's just about nothing left to do but get off the game and wait until your loot fills up or the daily reset happens. It'd be great to have a replayable stage or something else that can be actively grinded for small rewards so I have a reason to stay on the game.
Love the game. Only thing is you cannot make it far without paying realworld money to upgrade/obtain vehicles to continue in career mode. They have made some changes and I like them. Please continue the ad powered blueprint option. It works. The game has gotten much better. It still takes a while to progress in career mode. But it's doable. Season pass cars should be of higher class in my opinion. But overall great game.
Very fun racing dynamic, but it is hard sometimes to get blueprints for cars. I have several levels I can't beat, but I can't just get the blueprints I need to upgrade them, and I don't want to spend a ton of money on a card pack that doesn't guarantee I'll get what I need/want. Overall though, very fun game. I will say, they should add an update where you can either select and buy specific blueprints, or be able to trade with club members
This game is mind blowing, the graphics are outstanding, the controls are comfortable and the game play is wonderful. However it is very difficult to finish story without being able to start a race with an underpowered car while the choice of cars are very limited, especially for races that require a car that is very hard to get which is to open it's featured pack even though it's not guaranteed to get the blueprint for the required car. Please fix this.
Good game, been enjoying the past few weeks of playing. But the frame rate issue is ruining the immersion for me. Mind you, my phone is perfectly capable of handling genshin at 60fps, so this older and lighter title should have no fps issues, but it does.. and it's bothering me. Please fix it. 3 stars only until you do.
Excellent game with excellent graphics. I was searching for a good car racing game and then thought to download A9. It's really worth it. The multiplayer is good and other game modes like carrier, events etc are also enjoyable. The maps are well designed but I want gameloft to add a different game mode where we can drive in any map with our unlocked cars, basically like a free roam. Although it's not that important as asphalt 9 is an arcade racing game and the controls are also good and easy.
I used to be addicted to this game. But anymore the game crashes erratically. I'm unable to pinpoint specific causes, except that collecting prizes at the end of the Regatta seems to consistently cause crashes. This game used to be fun. Now it is more like a job that I keep doing to help my team members. The crashes come faster after every update. It makes me sad.
The gold ticket events are too close together, it never ends. Regatta rewards weren't new like it said. Being able to get themed welcome signs-- at a reasonable price or earning it was fun. It's all about money now. It costs to build, it costs to play, some people buy their way through everything. They must be rich. There have been some improvements, graphics in particular. I still miss the old zoo tasks. It seems like the zoo has become a dead zone. Nothing new there in years.
The game is fun. I enjoy building my town. But I believe it to be unfair. The amount of storage in the barn is incredibly unreasonable compared to the items required to progress in the game. The train time is ridiculous and doesn't give you enough materials to complete construction of buildings. It's like you don't really have a choice but to spend money. Also, I bought the golden ticket, and after a few days they took the extra barn storage away! I paid for that!
I only started playing it for less than an hour, and I already love it! If I had to describe this game, I would describe it like Hay Day, but also focuses on the town than just a farm. Also there was one bug where I had a task to feed chicken. When I pressed the task, I was able to, but the chicken coop wasn't don't building yet. It's just a minor bug I noticed. Other than that, the game is great!
Enjoying this game now but, at first it was a tad bit hard to get the just of it. Once I learned the ins and outs it became much more enjoyable. That is why I rated this 5 stars because now it is hard to stop playing.
Love the game the only issue I have is there is no confirmation to cancel orders or spend bucks etc... like speed ups and such. I have lost countless amounts due to finger slips and it's super annoying. And you can't cancel making an item. If it's in queue it should be able to stop it and get back items but there is no way to. Other than that this game is great.
It's a Good Game need Helps tutorial. Lots things are there in the game. Need tutorial. Like In regatta there is a option called - Combo Task, but I am unable to understand how to select combopack. You should have help tutorial. Bank money is very hard to earn. Some time it's by mistake click on buy goods at the times of loading goods at Train/Plane. So there should be some confirmation button before spending for such buy. Please work on that. I have lose lots of money which was not needed
What should have been a casual match-3 game (which, yes, does have the advertised slider puzzles, one about every 8-10 levels) has been overcomplicated with so many extra mechanics that you have two options to advance. Be lucky enough to be able to match 6 or more on every move, or shell out enough cash to buy powerups. This isn't casual, it's frustrating and disappointing.
An interesting game. good enough to while away time. I never get tired of playing it. my only complain is that they should enable players to buy at least two extra attempts at 500 gold coins, as you may just need a move or two extra moves to complete a level....and most times, one may not have up to 900 gold coins. it would be nice if they can allow just two extra attempts too. just a suggestion. thank you.
The game is very enjoyable game to play the only thing I don't like is the extra bonus level the we a force to play. We either lose a life or lose the power ups. There should be gone out of the game or have a choice of not playing.
Its a really nice game but my issue is that, it does not allow for continuity after changing phones. If a player links his/her facebook account to it, they should be able to continue where they stop on another phone rather than starting all over again. Its really exhausting.
My issues with Disney+ was that my account got hacked, the password was changed and I changed it again after realizing it was hacked. However, THE EMAIL WAS CHANGED TOO! WITHOUT ME EVEN KNOWING! How that was possible, I don't know. After calling customer service and being on the phone the first time, we changed the email and password, only to find out by the first not helpful representative, that they don't give the option to sign everyone out even though you are the administrator of the account, so changing everything was pointless. He basically states that the people who hacked the account will still have access even though I changed all of the login information. I was ready to quit the whole Disney+ until I called customer service again the following day and spoke to Shay, her kindness and helpfulness convinced me to stay with Disney+. She revoked the account immediately and then helped me make a new account. One thing that should be added is better security. For someone to take over my account so easily and change the email and password was a horrible experience. Another thing that should be added is being able to log everyone out as an administrator of the account. The app is decent because of the shows it offers, I do not encounter any buffering and so on; however, the security and privacy isn't that great
We have just about every streaming app you can think of, and as much as I want this one to be my favorite, it's definitely the worst and the most unreliable. We use Disney+ every single day since we have Little's that NEED to watch Encanto on a constant loop, however myself and my husband are huge Marvel fans so we use it just as much as the kids do. My kids lost the remote to our TV last week, and I have stripped this house bare trying to find it and can't. So we have been relying on screen mirroring and casting. Disney+ is the only app that we have that refuses to work. When we did have our TV remote and could use Disney+ it would ALWAYS (about every 30 minutes) kick us out and tell us our internet was working. So we would just exit the app and go back in and it would be fine. We just moved into a new home and I was hoping the connection with the app would be better. Nope. It still times out about every 30 minutes and tells us there no internet connection when everything else in our house is working just fine. Basically when this happens you would have to exit the app, then return and if MIGHT start to work. The only reason I haven't deleted this app already is because my daughter HAS to watch Mickey Mouse Clubhouse.
Very easy to play. Reasonable amount of ads. No crashes. I'd recommend this if you were looking for a nice, relaxing game to unwind at the end of a long day. Good job, developers! Update: so I've been playing this game for a few months and I've noticed that it crashes A LOT. Worse, when it crashes, you lose your daily mission. So I'm going to take away one star. Guys, you need to fix the stablity -- or at least not deprive players of the daily when it does crash.
This is really less a game than it is a vehicle for ads for other games. Horrifying amount of unavoidable ads, unless you pay up, of course. Was fun for awhile but hard levels aren't fun and challenging, hard levels are rigged to lose multiple multiple times before allowing you opportunities for play. Not any different than other games wanting you to buy power ups, but combined with the ads, it's a pretty reckless amount of greed, and I'm not buying.
I enjoy this game however it frustrates me that it tells me there are no videos available so that I can get additional coins and then when I say OK and leave that spot it immediately shows me a video before I can play again. Either it has the video or it doesn't, all it's doing is creating frustration and annoyance to the app. They really need to fix that bug.
The game itself is good. It's enjoyable, it's not overly difficult. However the amount of ads is just ridiculous. There's always a banner ad at the bottom, and between every round I've played so far I've had to deal with at least two ads back-to-back. I turn my data off when I'm out of the house and that's the only way I can avoid this many ads, but as soon as I turn my data back on while I'm playing, it'll make me watch 3+ ads. Ridiculous.
Cute and engrossing game with a lot to do but after getting to level 25 it crashed all the time. I didn't know all it needed was an update. It would be nice if each new island didn't require downloading more data files which is what causes the game to start crashing. This makes it annoying but I will keep playing because it is a challenging and fun game and the magical theme is super adorable.
So, I actually really like this game but have 2 major problems with it. 1. I don't know how many ads I've watched where I do not get the reward advertised. Tried to put in a support ticket only to be told it was my fault. 2. None of the timed maps are winnable w/o paying. I paid over $30 during the event but it still wasn't enough. Now I can't even put in a new support request. The functionality is broken.
Probably won't keep playing. Cost too much to finish challenges. Or you simply don't finish them. The ring turn mini game they advertise with lasts such a short time is negligible. One time when you begin and 2 weeks in, I've seen it one other time. It uses a lot of battery and memory.
Majestic designs, especially the costumes you can get for the cookies, and it gets extremely addicting, the addiction dies down and comes back. But, anyway, very cute and easy to understand game. There isn't much of an objective, and there's loads of things to do. But, after a while it starts to crash and lag an unbelievable amount, and the shop items are WAYYY overpriced.
Started off pretty good, but then I sat the phone down and went to bed. Came back to Charlie foxtrot. Game is completely locked up and unplayable. In looking for a solution I found that it was a known bug, common occurrence with no real solution. A few tentative ones, but they all failed. Cherry on top was the way the game crashed when trying to fill out a bug report...twice in a row. Maybe an okay game someday, but right now a waste of storage space.
Very addicting, some games like this reach a threshold where you can only play a tiny amount per several hours or spend cash, but this one I've still been able to spend as much time as I want filling orders and upgrading my town. It's refreshing. And there's new ways to play almost every day. Definitely worth a try if you like farming/base building style games!
It's so enjoyable. I really like that I can leave it for couples of days or weeks without anything happened to my plants and animals. I also like that developer shorten the waiting time for each event games. Thank you and more power!
This is my favorite game. I have been playing daily for over a year. So much to do. Team regattas, Trains, planes, boats, helicopters, and zoo orders to fill. Farming and manufacturing, mining, decorating. Adventures that take energy refilled by time and winning challenging matching games. Always growing your town by building and populating it. The graphics are cute and dynamic. You even get to name animals in the zoo. There are reward chests and game money to be won. NO ADS!
Still my go to game, still fun, every update is something new and exciting, always celebrating holidays which makes this game more fun. I also met a lot of ppl from different parts of the world who also have Townships of their own. Plus, there's always side games to add more adventure to Township without downloading a game like it. Great game
This game is so wholesome and enjoyable! I usually play more fast-paced shooter games, but sometimes I feel the need to calm down and relax... this seems to do just that. With that being said, I'm a proud player of this game. Thnx to the developers for making such a chill and relaxing game :)
It's RARE that I play any sort of video game, and let's be honest, most are really a horrible waste of time! But this game appeared in my phone after a normal update. Just before I went to uninstall it, I decided to give it a chance and try it. I was surprised to discover that it was actually quite fun! Despite becoming totally engaged in it, I could also easily stop. It's a cute, satisfying little game for anybody who enjoys the theme of renovations.
It's not a fancy game, but it's one of my go-to time-killers. Yes, there are ads after every level, but the levels take long enough that I don't mind. Some reviewers have said the ball movements are unpredictable, but I don't find that to be the case - it's sometimes hard to fine-tune where you want it to go, depending on the shape of the blocks (square or cut in half diagonally), where you hit a block, and whether there are additional items in the field (a little diamond-shaped thing makes the balls bounce unpredictably off its faceted top). I like these and plan strategy accordingly. There aren't any nauseatingly adorable little dragons or elves, no cutesy soundtrack, no side-games that I've seen - just a straightforward strategy puzzle.
What's not to love? It's both an easy & increasingly challenging game. You can earn/buy things to help you win, there are different skins, & the games last approx 10-15 minutes. The ads are tolerable at 5-30 second long. I'm addicted to this game; it's my favorite toilet time activity!
Love this game. I see people complaining about the ads, but I really haven't experienced this. I know an ad pops up each time you lose a level and have to restart, but if you're smart, you can avoid actually losing any level. I'm not going to divulge this trick since it would interfere with their ability to make money, but come on people. Even if you do have to watch an ad between attempts or levels, it's a free game with THOUSANDS of free levels. Calm down.
Keeps the mind Sharp very good for pool table players (Angles) it's All about Angles and keeping count mathematics! Greatgame
so far so good, I'm enjoying my experience. im level 4 and have 3 leagues,I'm now focusing on winning the champion league and cup for next season
I honestly think this is the best game of its type that I've tried. Unlike some of the other games of its kind, I still feel like I'm making progress and can earn gems (the game's premium currency) to unlock things, even if I don't play every day or that often when I do at times. The dragons are cute and have interesting designs, and there's plenty to collect! Ads are still a thing, of course, but being able to still progress without having to purchase things makes it more than managable!
Oh my god this game is amazing i previously played a game called dragon city and i liked the concept so much but the loading screen and ads not to mention their pay to win feature made it miserable this game eliminated all that problems and its gameplay is just second to none . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
This game has been an excellent adventure while I'm quarantined at home with Covid. Highly addicting and endlessly fun, I have yet to find a feature of the game that I don't enjoy. The cherry on top is that there is no pay-to-win; everything is attainable through regular gameplay and minimal grinding, plus there are no ads unless you choose to watch them for rewards. The battles are engaging, the environment tantalizing, and the bots charming. An excellent take on the monster collecting genre.
So far Botworld has been an enjoyable experience, with it's interesting take on both adventure and the world as a whole. You are a newbie getting ready to set out to become a botmaster! A user of various types of bots with different roles in arena styled battles. The roles being ranged, tank or close ranged combantants with their own style of combat. I just set out on the adventure, but interested to see how it plays out. Worth a play!
An absolute gem of a game! Gameplay is fun, doesn't drag on, the mechanics are easy to understand but not to simple to be boring, and everything is just so cute! The ads are all optional but best believe I'll be watching them to help support the game! There aren't a lot of bots, but that makes each of them special and recognizable! I'd definitely recommend this game!
It takes a very, very good game for me to take the effort of writing a review. This is one of those games. The amount of time that has gone into this game blows my mind considering it is free. The ads are not pushy whatsoever and completely your choice on whether you watch them or not. The story is fun, upgrading bots is rewarding and doesn't feel grindy, the NPC's are funny and memorable, the daily missions so far have not felt repetitive. There's few cons I would mention but I'm at word limit.
