Love this game! No need to spend money if you don't want too and don't have to have friends to keep giving you lives for the main game. You can play this non stop pretty much and will keep making things and growing crops while you sleep. Races against friends and can set up your own Co-Op with 30 members after stage 19.
Great game and no ads!!! A great time waster. Play at your own speed. If you're patient, things advance nicely. You don't need to spend actual money to advance in the game; it just takes longer. Side puzzles are fun as well.
Great game with good design and cute graphics. Spending is an option, but not required so far. No ads. Very entertaining.
As an 'orginal farm game' player fanatic including many years later the mobile app, this game is amazing. You can actually play the game without being bothered with ads and being asked constantly to spend 'real' money.
Can't stop playing! The farm animals get fed relatively quickly, and the train is amazing at getting you the otherwise hard to get build materials.
It's a fun game, and you're not watching adds every 30 seconds. This is one of the few games you're not constantly having to watch ads
It was the best game ever downloaded at first it is not so interesting but later when l leveled up found it so intersting and I feel no problem with it. I love this game. For me it deserve five star
I dont typically review games. But if you want a game that you can get on and play for awhile straight or just get on for a few minutes this is great! I'm a hairstylist and i'm always sttuggling to find a simple game I can play during small breaks and long breaks but never have to switch my game. And this one is it. They give you so many power ups and I think almost every time I get on I have an hour of unlimited lives! Just dowload it! Oh and did I mention NO ANNOYING ADS!
Even with the ads, it's not so bad. I like different ball options. The levels don't feel redundant either. Will continue to play since it's a good easy game.
Fun way to pass the time when you're relaxing. Not that many ads.
Downloaded this to get points on another one. I like this version of this type of game. I just installed it and I'm on level like 30 or something. Smooth & fast compared to other versions. There's a cursor at the bottom for more precise shoots. Graphics r nice, sounds are cool. No ads, so far, unless you watch for points/gems. I'd recommend this one.
It is very nice to look at not many annoying adds that interrupt game play and it's very satisfying.
Very good time waster with few ads.
Amazing! Not only is it fun, they do adds right!!! Most phone games nowadays have so many ads that there is a way more ad time than there is game time which makes most people uninstall after a while. There are ads, but it's just the occasional ones on the way top of your screen so you don't accidentally click one! And barely see them! Bravo!!!
This game is seriously so much fun. The ads sty at the top and do not interfere with the game! There's also none of those annoying ads in between levels! Honestly, download it. You won't regret it. I really love that the colors change as you get the blocks hit. Great work y'all!
This game is FUN. I love the fact there are no ads unless you choose to get power ups.
Best ever with WiFi ads gives u point's
This game is magnificent, awesome. I have been playing for 3 yrs now and no issues. You can also make real friends from the association group
Good game Good strategy good looking thank you all Nice game
Great game indeed. The BEST managerial platform out there. No doubt.
I honestly think this is the best game of its type that I've tried. Unlike some of the other games of its kind, I still feel like I'm making progress and can earn gems (the game's premium currency) to unlock things, even if I don't play every day or that often when I do at times. The dragons are cute and have interesting designs, and there's plenty to collect! Ads are still a thing, of course, but being able to still progress without having to purchase things makes it more than managable!
Really fun! I love the attention to detail in every aspect of this game. Devs are responsive to feedback. I'm progressing nicely - not too fast or slow - sometimes grindy, but that's expected. Got to level 25 & still fun. There's lots that keeps this fresh. I don't feel the ads/$ is burdensome. Made some purchases when I want to rush things, but it's not necessary to pay to progress. Really enjoying this world, thank you! To new players, def recommend checking out the Discord sooner vs later.
I haven't gotten hooked on a mobile game for a couple years it feels like. Not sure why but Botworld has definitely changed that. I can't stop! It has just enough loot grinding to make me want to keep playing but not so much that it's tedious. There's a ton of strategy in how you use your bots so it'll keep you trying to improve. And There's an auto battle mode so you can still progress in this time when you can't really focus 100%, like when you should be working ;)
An absolute gem of a game! Gameplay is fun, doesn't drag on, the mechanics are easy to understand but not to simple to be boring, and everything is just so cute! The ads are all optional but best believe I'll be watching them to help support the game! There aren't a lot of bots, but that makes each of them special and recognizable! I'd definitely recommend this game!
Tons of content! The whole game is free to play, but there is a season pass system that requires buy-in for extra rewards. Nevertheless, there are still plenty of choices for team building, even for free players. There are a multitude of energy systems here, but there is always something to do. Combat is deep but not too complicated. Plus, very cute animals.
